 Hello, hello everybody. How are you this morning or this afternoon? It's already 12 o'clock. All right. So if you are here, say hello. This is the first class of FunnelRx. I'm so excited to do this. I've been waiting. I've been getting ready. I've been testing my material on people. So if you are here, say hi. Okay, cool. I see you guys. All right. So let me just clear off my screen. I always have like tab overload here. Okay. Perfect. Moving that, moving that. Okay. So this is how I want to just kind of give a little bit of an introduction to FunnelRx, what it's supposed to do, what it's not supposed to do, all that kind of stuff, what you can expect over the next four weeks. All right. I see you guys all in the chat. Yay. So if you guys have been following along in the FunnelGorgeous world, we released at the beginning of October, we released the offer cure. And the offer cure was our way of really helping people learn how to create an amazing offer. And we know that that is a key component to marketing online, marketing your business. So we also have an entire shop full of templates, which are really our way of saying, Hey, how can we help serve the design problem, right? The problem of like, I need to make something beautiful and I'm not a designer. And so we have offer and design and we also worked in the copy part of copywriting inside of offer cure because we knew that was a hang up. So the next pieces will then what what else do you guys need? And the funnel part, this was designed to be sort of a strategic tactical training that doesn't depend on any platform that helps you put all the pieces together so that you can funnel build it and not just funnel build where you're like, Okay, it's exactly this model and I have to fit everything in and that's how it's going to work. And if, and if I can't fit it in, it doesn't work, but really understand it like understand it at a higher level so that you can quickly see what's missing and where things are missing when you're building. So we're going to have four classes. This is the first class module one is called the five principles of funnel building. I am going to really try to talk as if you are coming to this world more new, we have a sales funnel for beginners class that's free. And I want to sort of just kind of lay the groundwork so that we're all on the same playing field. All of these will be recorded. And at the end, you can ask questions, I'm probably going to wait till the end of my presentation. And then I will go over to Q&A. And we will do that every week. And I have sheets for you to use each week. And then as soon as we turn it around, we'll get it recorded and put in the members area and you guys have access to that. So I think probably the best place to ask your questions as you have them is in the Q&A box. If you do it in the chat, the chat runs kind of quickly. And I may miss something. So if you have a question at any point during the presentation, just go ahead and drop it in Q&A. And what I'm going to do is actually pull up my slides and go into slide mode so that I don't get distracted. You guys can hear me okay and all that good stuff. All right. So let me share my screen. Okay, desktop. Here we go. Get into presentation mode. Perfect. All right, great. I'm going to take the screen. Kathy's like, we unleashed the offer of beast. All right. So let's hop to it. I know you guys don't need fluff. You just need the meat. So we're going to get going. So I wanted to start this whole conversation about funnel RX, which really means funnel prescription, right? If you get sick, you go to the doctor, they say, oh my gosh, you have whatever you have pink eye, you have pneumonia and they give you medicine and that medicine helps fix it. And so I wanted to kind of give you a prescription for what makes a good funnel, right? What makes a not just a good funnel, but a profitable funnel. That's the only reason we build these things is to make money, right? So there are three, what I'm calling the atoms of funnel building. And at the end of the day, outside of tech, outside of automation, out of outside of all the things, there are just really three things that are going to make a funnel work. An amazing offer, which is why we don't have this course outside of offer cure, because we know that you really need offer cure in order to make a great funnel, right? So a great offer, great copy and great design. And why are, why am I saying that these are the three atoms that control all successful funnels? So let's talk about it. Blending the three elements of an amazing offer, good copy and good design creates the prescriptions that you need for a profitable funnel. I should have said profitable, not perfect. I must have listened to a little too much of Donald Trump because he's like, it's perfect. What you need for a profitable funnel. Okay. All right. So let's talk about the offer. The offer is something that is what you're actually selling, right? The suite of products that you're bringing to the market, whether it's a mug, whether it's a planner, whether it's a course, whatever it happens to be. Okay. Now let's talk about the copies. So this is the second sort of atom and what happens when you take a great offer and a good copy, what does it make when you blend them together? It creates irresistibility and irresistibility is one of those prescriptions that you need to make a profitable funnel. If it's not irresistible, it's not going to work. So when you take an amazing offer and you put really good copy, a good sales message, you create the elixir of irresistibility. Now let's talk about design. So now we've added a third element here. We're doing a little funnel chemistry. Now you have a great offer, great copy, great design. With great design and great copy, you have what I would call positioning. And positioning is that sense of increase in status, right? Because we all buy things because we all buy things because we want to either increase or decrease our status, right? And we want to kind of like move up the ranks of life. And so when you have a beautiful design and a beautiful sales message, you create that elixir of positioning. When you have over on the other side with the offer and the design, if you have great design, think about something like Apple, right? Like their iPhones are just beautifully designed and you have a good offer, right? It's a great piece of software and hardware put together. It's a great tool. You have trust. And I would argue that if you have irresistibility and you have positioning and you have the trust of your prospect, that is where the profitable funnel lies. And if you look at the very funnel that you came through in order to purchase this product, you saw these three things in action, right? You saw a great offer, right? 37 bucks for all this cool stuff. And the copy was well written. It created a level of irresistibility that you couldn't resist, right? You had great copy and great design that created positioning of like, hey, this is something that's going to help me. This is something that's going to help me walk the ladder up towards what I want, which is my destination to be an online marketer, to be a good online business owner, et cetera. And we also had the offer design side, which creates trust. Cold traffic goes to that funnel and they're like, holy cow, this is irresistible. This is beautiful. I probably am going to trust these people rather than a page that's got like, you know, spelling errors and it's ugly and it's not really well thought out. And you put those three things together and you get a profitable file. Okay. That's the bullseye. That's what you're going for. That's why I say offer copy design or the three atoms because it creates those elements on the page that gets people to buy. And so then I made a little formula over there. This is like my fancy presentation design work. Okay. So let's just dial in. These are the things that I, you know, want to just make sure everybody understands irresistibility means it is too attractive. It is too tempting. It is too powerful to resist. Okay. It becomes a must have. It's about the tipping point. And I use the example how many of you guys have watched friends when Monica is teaching Chandler how to give a girl an orgasm. And she's like, you know that there are seven erogenous zones and he's like seven is like, I love that we're like two, maybe three. And she's like, no. And then she starts drawing on a piece of paper. She's like, first you go to one and then one, two, and then a one, two, three. And then she goes to three and she keeps going and going and going. And then she gets to the end and she's like, right. And she gets to the tipping point. And so the tipping point is that sense of like, we're out. Oh my gosh, I'm looking at this offer. I don't even know where my credit card is, but I got to go get it because I have to get it. Like that's the tipping point. And there's always a tipping point in a funnel and an offer where they're reading along. They're like, that's cool. That's cool. That's cool. Oh my gosh, now I have to get it. And so that's what irresistibility is. Okay, so if you just have an offer with mediocre copy, you don't really create that sense of pressure, that sense of like climax is really the only word I can use. And if you have just copy without a great offer, then it sounds super high pressure and salesy, right? Have you ever seen a page that has like really good copy, but like the offer is kind of fluffy, that gives you that sense of slime, right? And that is what you want to avoid. Okay. All right, copy and design, positioning, it's a portrayal or a frame, it's like the entrance to the house. It's like, it's basically the stage that says, Hey, welcome. And when you come into my world, you're going to get increased status, increased positioning, whatever it happens to be that will come with purchasing. Okay, so that's the second elixir. If you have great copy, right, but poor design, people are not going to regard your product as highly. And that is something that we have seen in funnels where it's like, wow, once they, once they buy or they hear about it, and they trust they're like, Oh, this person like said they were awesome. So I'm going to go buy it even though this design doesn't really give me that sense of like position or static, right? And so if you're the kind of person who's like, they say, Oh my gosh, I bought from you and you're amazing, but I didn't know how amazing you were. It's probably because you're lacking that like design that pushes you forward to make you, you know, it gives you that best presentability. If you have great design, but really bad copy, you appear image conscious or fluffy. And without both you lose that blend that creates the positioning. And then finally, the design plus the offer, which is equaling that trust, it speaks to a company that cares about the product and the buying experience. It creates that feeling that bonds customer to sell her when the design and the offer are good together. The blend of design and offer will bridge the gap when you're not yet known as an expert, or you're the leading offer in your market. So you don't want to appear image conscious or fluffy. And you also don't want to have a situation where you have a great offer about poor design. And people have to get to know you before they buy because the whole point of a funnel is for them for the funnel to do the work, rather than you manually doing the work. Okay, so give me in the comments below, everybody understands we've got the design offer and copy and we have irresistibility positioning and trust. That literally is the key to a profitable funnel. All right, awesome. You guys are going to know that I have this really bad habit of saying what's on my next slide before I advance to the slide. Okay, you will be profitable if you can nail this formula. This is the formula. If you nail it, you will be profitable. Okay. So this is sort of where funnel RX fits into the sort of the economy of our courses, right? You strengthen your offer, Adam, with the offer cure, you can strengthen your copy, Adam, with the offer cure, as well as webinar gorgeous, depending on what kind of funnel you're doing, and you're going to strengthen your design, Adam, with funnel gorgeous, and the funnel design collections, right? That's how we're giving you these three atoms. We're trying to be like, here you go. But your atoms actually have to take shape, right? You have to turn those elements into something. And that's why funnel RX is in the spot that it's in. It's like, okay, you understand good copy, good offer, good design, you understand that the offer and the design, like you can do that, but like, how do you actually like get it together so that it actually takes shape? Okay. So let's talk about the five principles of funnel building. And this works with any platform you have. So, and I'm going to talk about these as assets. And I want you guys to write them down. Because once you do this, you'll realize that all of the noise about what tools and what strategies and like all that kind of stuff sort of quiets down once you realize if you have all of these assets, right, you take the atoms and the assets and you put them together, you're going to have a good funnel. The selling asset, this is the first piece of a funnel that you should always build first. The selling asset is the digital piece of content that actually displays the offer. And in 99.9% of cases, the selling asset takes the form of either a sales page or a sales presentation. Okay. This is sort of the foundational asset of a funnel. So for a lot of you guys, a sales page will be what you build, right? Offer cures. A long sales page has great design, has great copy, has an offer. Some of you might say, you know what, I really need to do a webinar. The webinar becomes the selling asset that becomes the presentation where you pitch, where you give value. Some of you might even do a video sales letter. A video sales letter is kind of like a webinar, kind of like a sales page. It's just a video version of a sales page where you present and you pitch your offer. This is the thing that I recommend you always build first. Once you have this in your back pocket, you will be able to make everything else line up to it. And so whenever someone is like, oh, I want to build a course, I'm like, great. The first thing you need to do is build the selling asset. And a lot of times, people, even just the copy, just having the copy first will help create a blueprint. So I'm going to give you a little example. So my husband Alex, he's a soccer coach. He wants to build a course on teaching your kids, you know, soccer drills at home and things like this. And I said, okay, but the problem is he's an expert, right? And his wealth of knowledge spans the ages. And he gets overwhelmed at like, how am I going to teach this in a $27 product? So I said, the first thing you need to build is the selling asset. You need the sales page, because that will be what you measure. So once you look at the sales page, you're like, oh, right, I have to build that. Oh, right, I have to build that. And so the selling asset for him, because we know it's low ticket is going to be the sales copy first. If it was an expensive offer, I would say build the sales presentation in a webinar. Fun fact, a lot of people can't build webinars without first having a sales page. If you write a sales page first, even if it's a high ticket offer, even if it's $5,000, if you sit down and you do the work to write the sales page, when it comes time to doing the webinar, you'll literally pick from the sales page, the pieces that you want in your webinar, you'll have to add some extra content and education and false beliefs. But your webinar will be built so much faster if you write the sales page first. In fact, with funnel upper, which I don't know if you guys have been following along, we've been redoing Renee's sales funnel, I wrote her sales copy. That was the first thing I did was I wrote the selling asset. Then I took that asset, and I realized that half the webinar was already kind of built for me because I just had to pick out the sales copy that I wanted in the presentation. Then I just had to build the first half, which was sort of the content false belief. This is what you build first, the selling asset. Moving on. Principle number two, the cart assets. This is the second principle, the second piece, the block, the Lego that you need in a funnel. It's the cart. The cart asset is the digital piece of content that actually takes the money, right? So if the sales asset is marketing, the cart asset is sales. This is where the rubber meets the road and the credit card is entered. In most cases, 99% of cases, you will build an order form. In the case of a funnel where you're actually getting on the phone with people, you'll have a calendar or something like that where the salesperson or customer service agent is actually taking the credit card information. The funny thing is that even if you do that, the salesperson is going to have to input the information somewhere, right? Unless it's a proposal. So you might still need an order form. It's just sort of like a back door order form where the salesperson is on the phone and they're filling out the information and they're reading the credit card over the phone. The only exception to this rule is if you are an agency, your cart asset is actually your invoicing system, right? Once you get them on the phone, you send them an invoice, a proposal, etc., etc., that's your cart asset. Fun fact about the cart asset and what we'll get to in module three. This is the asset where tweaking a lot of details and good design is really, really does matter because when people are taking out their credit cards, what are they doing? They're saying, I trust you enough to give you something of value. And a lot of people, they spend a lot of time on the selling asset and then they sort of just throw up a cart asset, right? An order form, a checkout area, forgetting that this is the most vulnerable moment for your customer. This is the moment where you literally need to take them by the hand and be like, it's okay, trust me, you're not going to get screwed, your credit card is not going to get like overcharged, like all of that stuff. The cart asset is incredibly important and this is also the place where in the funnel, making small tweaks can make a really, really big difference for people. Okay, cool. Principal number three. And I did this in this order for a reason. You have a selling asset, right? You have a sales page, you have a cart asset, right? Which is an order form. Then you have the traffic because technically you have a funnel if you have a sales page and an order form, right? You have a funnel. The only thing you need is people and that's why I have the traffic asset as the third piece. Because if you have a sales page and you have an order form and then you have traffic, you have the ability to collect money and make money. And Kathy is making a really, really good comment. Why testimonials are so good on cart assets and that's exactly right because the vulnerability of like taking out the credit card is happening in that moment. And those testimonials reassure people that they're making a good choice. So the traffic asset is the digital pieces, not piece, but pieces of content that will make noise and get people to pay attention to your selling asset. These are the eight traffic assets, most common ones there are more. Paid ads, right? We all know about paid ads. Facebook ad, Instagram, YouTube, Google, etc. etc. There's also email and messenger marketing. If you have a list, you can basically drive traffic through email messages, Facebook messages, text messages, etc. Search engine optimization. This is when you have a blog or some sort of website or content that people Google things and your content appears in search results. This is organic traffic. Number four, public relations in the media circuit. So getting on TV, getting on radio, getting on podcasts, you know, getting interviewed, speaking on stage, you could probably actually put that as a separate one. But this idea of getting sort of the mass media to talk about you can drive tremendous amounts of traffic. Social media posting. This would be all organic things. Instagram stories, Facebook posts, Facebook group, Twitter, TikTok, if you're into it, right? Like anything organic that you put out on social media that then makes noise and gets people to pay attention and go to your selling asset. Streaming. So if you are into podcasting yourself, creating your own platform, doing your own Facebook lives, doing your own YouTube show, that's another way to drive traffic. Number seven, affiliate partnerships, JV, collaborating with other people who already have traffic and using and leveraging some of their traffic in a win-win situation. And then number eight, live in person on stage or events, being invited to speak on someone's stage or at an event can get you a tremendous amount of traffic. So the reason I put this principle third is because you have to think about traffic long before your offer is ready to sell. And so a lot of people build their funnel, right? They have their selling asset, their cart asset, all the other assets we're going to talk about here. And then at the end, they're like, oh, traffic. But traffic is actually something that you need to think about as soon as you have your selling asset and your car asset ready. The next question you need to ask yourself is where is my traffic going to come from? Where am I going to put this? Because if you have a blog with a lot of page views, the best thing to do is to have people opt in first and then go into your funnel, right? If you're on social media, are you going to do paid ads? Are you going to just run traffic straight to a paid offer or are you going to get them to opt in first? And what kind of rules or barriers are you going to face running ads? I literally had this conversation, I think this morning, yeah, it was this morning, and I was like, listen, if you're going to create a webinar and you know that Facebook ads are the primary way that you're going to drive traffic, your webinar title and secrets and all that stuff need to be angled to be compliant with Facebook. So a real tangible example, one of the women who I mastermind, Julia, she teaches people how to create WordPress sites from scratch, right? She's the coder, she's the people who had a code. We had several hooks that we were going to go after, right? Working from home, laptop lifestyle, all that kind of stuff. And I said, you know, at the end of the day, what's our traffic strategy? If it's primarily ads, we need to fix that. And so we created an angle where it was how to say yes to any WordPress request, we created it more as a class, because we knew that Facebook would be okay with that. And that's why the traffic asset is labeled third here, because otherwise, you could get through building an entire funnel, and then you'd be like, oh, well, it actually, I can't use it for paid ads. And that was the only strategy I had, right? Well, that was short-sighted. Okay. All right, principle four, the delivery asset. Okay, the delivery asset is the container that you'll create to ship and fulfill on the offer you sold. So you got three options really in an online funnel. You could have a membership or a course area, you could have a manufacturing facility or a shipping facility, if you're doing physical products, or it's service, it's actual like manual labor. And so you have your selling asset, you have your cart asset, you have your traffic assets, what you're going to use, get that all strategically figured out, then you ask yourself, okay, what's the delivery mechanism? How am I actually going to fulfill on what they buy? Right? And I got the word delivery from my friend James, who he talks a lot about marketing sales, delivery, operations, and finance. Marketing is the selling, sales is the cart, delivery is how you fulfill. Okay. And you guys, if you, I can see some questions popping in the chat, could you just throw them into the Q&A box so that I get to them at the end and don't miss them? All right, principle five is the follow-up asset. This is the fifth asset. And if you have all of these assets in place with great copy, great offer, and great design, you will have a profitable file. The follow-up assets are the ways in which you'll reconnect with your prospect if they don't buy the first time around. This is most commonly what people forget to do. They have a sales page and order form, delivery, maybe they think about traffic, but they certainly don't think about follow-up. And follow-up happens in email sequences. It happens in messenger sequences. It happens with retargeting ads. It happens with phone calls. And it also, excuse me, also happens with something I call fulfillment ascension, which means inside the product itself, you actually help them take the next step in the business, right? It's like, okay, you know, here's the fulfillment. Here's what we gave you. But can you ascend, right? And you guys saw this happening in OfferCure. How many of you bought OfferCure, didn't buy FunnelRx, but then saw the little area in the members area where you were able to upgrade if you wanted to, right? So creating fulfillment ascension is a follow-up asset that you can use. And so if we go here, the five principles for all funnels. And this is where it gets fun because you can mix and match, and everyone's like, well, what funnel type should I use? And should I use a PLF funnel? Should I use a webinar funnel? Should I use a BSL funnel? What should I use? And of course, we will talk about that more in week two. Next week is going to be very strategic about which funnel to use and when, but at the end of the day, if you have these five assets and you have the combination of, oops, I thought I had it on the slide, but I don't, and you have the combination of copy, offer, and design, you will be profitable. And this is the exciting part because it means that you don't always have to fit a formula. You can do it an alternate way. You don't have to like just make it exactly what you think it should be. I mean, I honestly think as a beginner, you should probably follow the tried and true formulas that automatically work so that you're not flouncing, you know, flouncing around that is not floating around, whatever, flopping around. These are what you need. Okay. So these are the biggest issues. Having done this hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of times. Ask yourself the question, have I done this because this can really cause massive drama in your funnel building process. Biggest mistakes. Number one, they don't make the selling asset first. They make the delivery asset first, right? That's very, very common. That's actually the most common is they sit and just spin and spin and spin about delivery. Go make your selling asset first. Okay. And if you're going to make a webinar and you're stuck on making a webinar, try a sales page first. You might find that it unsticks you and gets you into the webinar. The second mistake is related to the first that people spend enormous amounts of mental and emotional bandwidth on delivery assets before it's even validated. And this is a huge problem in the info product space. Obviously, when you're in the e-commerce space, you actually have to, you do have to have something unless you're going to do like a Kickstarter, you know, or GoFundMe kind of, kind of program. But in info product land, there's no reason why you have to have everything built out before it's validated, unless you're really, really sure that it's going to sell. But even this class, which we knew would sell, I didn't actually create it until I had the funnel up and running. We did have offer cure created because we knew we had to have something, but we didn't have the entire funnel built. Okay. Number three, huge mistake. They forget about the follow-up asset. They forget that the bulk of people 90, just tell yourself this 95% of people will not buy the first time they see your offer, even if you have great copy, great design, and a great offer. They just won't do it. And I think a lot of times we as people think that we're being loud and noisy, and we're not. I can't tell you how many times I think that I am just pissing people off and over talking about things. And then they're like, Oh, I never heard of that. I'm like, are you for real? Like, this is the drum that I had been beating for the last six months. You still have no idea what this is. Remember, people are not paying as close attention to you as you think they are, or better said, people are not paying as close attention to you as you are paying to you. So if you forget about the follow-up asset, you lose tremendous amount of people in your file. Okay. Number four, and this is a big one. People give up too easily because they don't realize that the traffic asset is the one that's alive. Okay, this is really important. The selling asset, the cart asset, the delivery asset, the follow-up asset, you create them, and then they're there. I think with the exception of the delivery asset, if it's like an actual, you know, coaching program or what have you, but really traffic is the living, breathing content monster. I wish I had a nice picture of a monster. It is a content monster. The traffic asset is the piece of funnel building that never stops. So if you think about this as like having a baby, when you have a baby, right, you're only pregnant for a five-night period of time at nine months or 10 months, 40 weeks, right? That's how long you're pregnant for. Okay, so there's a five-night period of time in which you're in the act of building a funnel, selling cart follow-up, right, delivery. The traffic is when you actually have the baby, right? And now you're like, oh my gosh, now I've got to nurse this baby every two hours for the next 12 months of my life. And if you're me, you nurse for two years, four times over, and you spend almost a decade with kids hanging off of you. But that's the thing that's living and breathing. You never end the traffic game. There's no such thing as flipping on an ad and walking away on the beach. That is a lie. That is a marketing lie, right? And so the traffic asset is the thing that's living and breathing. That's the thing that once you have a funnel is going to have to be a new system in your business to keep flowing. Without it, it's like trying to drive a car without gasoline. It's not going to work. Okay. Fifth mistake, they forget to take meticulous care of the cart asset. And this is, you know, back to what I was saying before about the cart asset is that people don't spend as much time on the cart asset as they do the sales asset. Usually, sometimes it's an afterthought. And this is the most vulnerable moment in your funnel. And this is the point at which you need to be taking meticulous care. This is where the little tiny details in minutia really, really matter and make a huge difference in whether your funnel is profitable or not. Okay. So this is a classic funnel design. In fact, this is the blueprint of the offer cure. You'll notice over here, you've got the selling asset and sales page, right? And in this case, in this funnel, the selling asset and the order asset are together. They're all on one page. And you'll see funnels where they're separated or together. And making that decision, we can talk about that next week, but it's really easy to ask yourself which way you should go, whether you have them combined or not. A lot of times it's a matter of preference and style. But if you are running traffic straight to an offer, sometimes having the order asset right on that first page is good because it allows you to capture their contact information if they don't buy. Okay. Then you have a second selling asset. Why? Because you're selling the next thing, right? So for an OTO for a one-time offer, you need the selling asset for that offer. In this case, it's also acting as the cart asset in click funnels. For example, though, it's really just one button. You don't actually have a cart. It's just a yes-no button. So that's why I more label it as a selling asset than I do as a cart asset. The order confirmation page is another page that people forget about all the time, but it is actually the first delivery asset in your funnel. Because once the confirmation page hits, they want to know they made a good decision. And so what you put on that order confirmation page matters. And it matters because if they are struggling, they can't find their login. They're not sure. They're immediately sold something else. That delivery asset will either enhance their buying decision or diminish their buying decision. So that's what you want to ask in the order confirmation, especially if you're noticing you have like a high refund rate. Am I elevating their decision to buy or am I minimizing it? Right. And then you have your members login. This is just a classic offer cure funnel right here. And you can see you've got selling asset. I should have called that the cart assets. The wrong word. Sorry guys. Cart asset and you have delivery assets. Well, I guess my next question is what's missing on this funnel blueprint? We said there were five. There's only three represented. And that's because we didn't think about our follow up or our traffic. And so now this is actually a full blueprint of a funnel that's got all five principles in action, right? We got all the same. But now we're like, hmm, is there a way that we could give people a second chance to get the OTO, right? That's what we call like in app fulfillment, right in the members area. We're giving them the chance to ascend. We've also got sorry, my slide came up. We've also gotten an abandoned cart series down here. They opt in, but they don't buy it. Now they're getting a follow up asset, right? They're getting an email series saying, Hey, why didn't you buy? Then we've got a bunch of different traffic assets. How are we actually going to drive traffic? We're going to drive traffic through Facebook ads. Let's say we have a podcast, we're going to talk about it a lot on our podcast. We are going to open an affiliate program to get people to sell. And then we're also going to use some organic strategies on Instagram. So these are this perfect example of thinking about the traffic. Now I feel like this is a blueprint where if you take this and you keep in mind the concept of great offer, great copy, great design, you have a really, really good shot of getting that funnel out the door and having it perform right out of the gate. Okay, we're going to go way in depth into various funnel blueprints in the next module. So next week, I think it's called funnel blueprints. We're going to talk about the funnel blueprints in the context of a value ladder. But sort of I wanted to zoom in and say, these are the building blocks. These are the things that matter. So we are going to talk about each of these assets and give you actual checklists around what needs to happen in each of these assets. That way, whether you're on click funnels or whether you're on cart, or whether you are building a PLF funnel or an application, it doesn't matter. Look at your selling asset. What has to happen? Look at your cart asset. Look at your traffic. Look at your delivery. Look at your follow up and ask yourself all these questions. One thing that I wanted to, again, I mentioned James here, a system is simply a combination of people, process, and tools. There's actually kind of a system for making sure you have all of these things in line. And I know there are a lot of questions about tools and I want to answer those questions. But it's sort of a hollow conversation to talk about, should I use click funnel? Should I use? What should I use to build my funnel? Because really, when you're building your funnel building system, you're talking about the people involved in building it. You're talking about the process and actually how you build it. And then you're talking about the tools, what tools you're actually using. So that's what I want to talk a little bit more about this today. And the actual activity today is really just sort of a guide for you to start thinking about this in your own business. Okay. And we'll finalize the process part in module tool. But right now, I want to talk about tools and people. So the first two parts of the system. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to hit escape here. And I'm going to pull this. Can you guys see this? Okay. And I'm going to go back into full screen here. And I'm going to make it bigger. I think you guys see that? All right. Can you let me know in the in the chat? Can you read that? Okay. Perfect. Okay. So the first question, and this is sort of just like I would call a plumb line that I'm going to give you guys. And this is a little spreadsheet I'm going to share with you. You're going to choose file, make a copy and keep it for yourself. And this is sort of taking this concept of irresistibility, trust and positioning and making sure that you're doing as much as you can. And so what I would do if you are working on offer cure and you're creating an offer, and you have that sort of spreadsheet, you know, put the link here, if you have a sales page written out, put the link there. So that will give you the offer the sales page. What are you going to use a design collection from a gorgeous put it there. And then any basic folder with all the offer shots or graphics or anything like that, you put it there. And then you would ask yourself every single time you build the funnel, you're going to ask yourself these questions. And you want to answer one for a yes or zero for no. And the idea is you want to have a perfect seven on all three of these things before you launch. Okay. And I'm going to give you so many more checklists like this because I feel like this helps keep the principles like it helps you identify, oh, I'm missing that. Oh, I'm missing that because I see it. And then I forget that not everybody sees it. Okay. So the first question you want to ask yourself is are there offers out there that are selling for way more or aren't offering even a quarter of the value that I am. So you want to ask that question. So we asked that for offer cure. Are there other offers out there that are similar to offer cure that are selling for way more answer was 100% yes. Right. So we could answer yes to that because what we want to know is how is our irresistibility factor like we're giving so much value and we're giving an insanely affordable price or could we say, are there other $37 offers out there, but they're not as valuable. And the answer again was yes. So we scored ourselves on a lot of that. Am I going to offer an easy payment plan if the money amount is a sizable investment? And I know that people have, you know, headaches and fears around payment plans, but at the end of the day, a payment plan does totally help with your stability because if they're not sure and they can get in for $197 instead of the full 2000, that's going to give them that tipping point of like, oh, okay, I'm only 197 in, let me check this girl out. Okay. So the answer would be yes here and not for offer cure, but for other things. Did I did my offer pass the rainbow rule test? So did I actually create an offer with all colors of the rainbow or at least most of the colors the rainbow, that's going to also add to irresistibility. And then you're going to ask, does my copy on my selling asset adequately address the problem that people have? And I see this all the time because people start the copy and they don't actually, they don't actually talk about the problem. And then I'm like, well, that's great, but you didn't actually address, you just, you didn't actually address the issue. And, and so without agitating the problem, there can be no solution. So that's the first. And then does it read the mind? Like when you're talking about the problem, are you like really getting into it? Are they're going to be like, oh my gosh, that's me. And I had multiple people on the offer cure sales page say, I read that and I was like, that copy like you was like, you were in my head, right? So you want to make sure you can answer yes to that. Likewise, just because knowing that having the problem agitates the demand for the solution, do you also have the FAQ? Do you have the logical buyer section, the section where people are really asking the hard questions, like, well, what about this? What about this? What about this? Right. And their logical brain is going after it. That's why we gave you all of those questions in offer cure because I was like, you got to answer these because logical buyers aren't going to buy unless you've satisfied that desire. So that's another irresistibility factor here. And then ask yourself, this is a, this is an important question. Do I believe truly in my knower like in my gut that this offer will make a difference, a massive difference for my customer? And when I read the copy, do I feel that? And I realize that that's an emotional question to ask, but part of your resistibility is about getting in touch with that intuition of yourself. Ask yourself that question, stare at your selling asset and say, yes, or I'm not sure that I feel that sense of intensity quite yet. And then the last thing is there a stack in the copy on the page that gives someone a summary glance of all the goodness that they're buying. We're going to talk about sacks, snacks. Clearly I'm hungry. We're going to talk about stacks in module three and more in depth, but is there somewhere on that page, a summary where they can like take a one shot glance and be like, boom, that's the goodness. That's the irresistibility. That's what I'm taking home. Answer yes or no. Okay. Once you've got a seven, you are, you're better on your way to irresistibility. Obviously it assumes, you know, good offer and good copy. All right. Let's talk about positioning. This is the next question I want you to ask yourself. Number one, do I have awesome names for all the pieces of my offer? That was part of what we wanted to do in offer cure. Like, is it sound cool? And, you know, sometimes it takes a while to wrestle with names, but like, are the names cool? Is it like something that you want to be associated with, right? You're like, it like comes off of your tongue and it feels good to say and it sounds good to say and it increases status to say it, right? So that would be, that would give you a one. Can somebody easily explain what they are buying after reading my copy? Is there any doubt in their mind? Is it a boot camp? Is it a master class? Is it a video series? Is it like, are they like, oh yeah, I bought that. That was amazing. That was a course. That was a class. That was a what have you. Okay. Ask yourself that question. And then ask yourself, does my offer have laser specificity? So here's the idea. A mastermind last week talking to these amazing women who run a makeup. So their business is called BA makeup, right? And they're awesome and they have a great offer and they serve their customers well. But what was lacking in their offer was this specificity. It was like a makeup class, which was great. But I'm like, ah, it's not specific. And then we started getting in touch with what are the problems, right? And like, would it be more specific? Would you buy just like a generic makeup course? Or would you buy something that teaches you how to make fun, like, eyeshadows for parties, right? It's got more specificity. And we came up with all different kinds of ideas. I want to give some away because they're going to be rolling them out. But we came up with that laser focus, right? Do I have a clean, beautiful logo and or packaging for my offer? Is it obvious? Can I be like, there's the picture of my offer right there? The answer one. Do I have an as seen on section anywhere on the page, even if it's sort of, you know, mild or like, you know, underplay a little bit and as seen on section with places where I've been noticed, this is a this is a major positioning piece that you'll see all over our pages because it establishes that sense of like, we know what we're talking about. We are the expert, right? Will purchasing this give them a leg up from other people? Well, they feel like, oh my gosh, I've got the secret. I've got the answer. I've got this thing, right, from others, or will it do anything to increase their status at all? If yes, answer one. And if your funnel were a house, would it be described as clean, organized and inviting? And I know these are kind of funny questions, but I'm trying to help people use these checklists as they're looking at their stuff to say yes, the answer is yes or no, it still feels like the living room furniture is at the front door and the kitchen is filled with toiletries and, you know, no, it doesn't doesn't feel warm and inviting, right? Okay, I'm going to get rid of these. And then the last checklist is trust. Do I have social proof? I cannot tell you, I wish I could put like a 10 there. Social proof matters. And if you don't have any social proof, try to get social proof before you launch, right? Work with people one on one before you do a course, or give people the course and get the testimonials, whatever you can do to create social proof that's going to create more trust than anything else you can do on the page. Number two, do I have offer shots that look juicy? Again, if you're in the online space, the digital information product space, you need offer shots that look like they're actually receiving something, okay, something tangible. Do I have professional photographs of myself in the about section? And they don't have to be professional as in like you paid a million dollars for them. But are they good photos that like are like, I want to be friends with that person, like look at the picture and be like, yeah, I want to know them or I want to be associated with them or I want to be friends with them, right? That's going to create that trust. Do I have footers with a customer service phone number refunds privacy policy footers create trust. It's like, Oh, I know where to go. I know who to reach if I have a problem. That stuff should be everywhere. That's why on a lot of, you know, online magazine type stores, there's a customer service number on tops, people can just pick up the phone and call someone. I know maybe you can't do that in this business just yet, but like create that sense of trust by easy to find direct contact directions that get them in touch with you. The messenger bubble at the bottom for messenger marketing that pops up and says, Hey, do you have a question leading into your Facebook messenger? That's an easy way to create easy contact. Okay, do I have easy to read copy free of grammar errors, spelling errors and awkward sentences. Read your copy out loud. It should sound like music, right? And in music, there's a tempo, there's a beat, right? And I used to be a piano teacher and there was four, four time and there was three, four time and there was all these different types of times for four time would be one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, three, four time would be one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three. And I used to tell kids they could never quite get three, four time. It was hard for them and four, four time was easy. It was just like a beat, right? And so for three, four time, I would say, say the word celery, celery, celery, celery, celery. And I was like, that's three, four time. When you read copy, if you read it out loud and you let your ears hear it back and you hear a point at which you break time, right? Where it's like long sentence, short sentence, long sentence, short sentence, long rambly sentence that makes me trip over my words, that's a sign that your copy needs work. And that's why reading it out loud is so important because good copy has good rhythm. And good rhythm makes it easy for people to absorb what you're saying and then be more likely to buy. Okay. Do I have symbols of trust? Lock icons on the buttons, right? Credit card icons, little disclaimers that say everything is secure and private. You would be amazed at how many checkout, remember that vulnerable moment, that cart asset moment, where you want to replicate things that people already trust, right? If you look at other checkout scenarios, if you don't do that, there's a lack of trust and people are like, yeah, they're not going to, they're not going to take the plunge. Do I have any important statistics or numbers that will clarify the problem or the solution? Okay. If you are doing something, if you are doing something that's, that matters with math, right? Like if you're, for example, Kathy and I are going to do Launch Gorgeous, right? We're going back and forth as to whether or not we're going to open it up for Black Friday because so many people have asked. And we were like, well, what if we did the math on what kind of launch they would have to have to make their money back? That would be a statistic that would help clarify the problem. In fact, I just had a conversation with a woman this morning in private message who was nervous about Launch Gorgeous and she was like, wow, I don't know. And she really just needed that like statistics and facts to help her get to what her fear was ultimately once we got through all of the statistics and all the math and all that stuff. And the end of the day, she was afraid she wasn't good enough, right? And then we could finally get at the emotional problem that was prohibiting her from taking a step and it had nothing to do with Launch Gorgeous, whether she does it or not. That was still an issue that she needed to solve in order to be able to move forward in her business. And if I could help facilitate that, whether you buy or not. But that's what I mean by trust is like, is there a statistic that can help solve a problem so that they can really get at why they maybe aren't buying. Okay. So those are the questions that I want you to ask yourself. And I gave them to you, even though you haven't built a funnel yet, use them every single time. Ask yourself all of these questions before you launch a funnel into the wild, especially if you are going to run ad traffic and you're going to spend $1,000 on Facebook ads and your strategy, you want to know that you have that. Okay. The second line item here is, hold on, is the system, right? People process in tools. And so process, we're going to talk about the module two. So module two and three actually is the process module. So I don't want to go over those right now. But here is where I want to talk about and this I'm hopeful is going to solve the problem of what tools to use because people get so messed up. So your selling asset, right? What's your selling asset? It's a sales page or sales presentation. What tool are you going to use? I gave you the most common tools that people use, click funnels, convert, trade, cart, or lead pages, entrepreneur, Shopify, Squarespace, or WordPress. And I also gave you other so that if you come up with some tool that you haven't used, like what tool is going to be your selling asset and what tool is going to be your cart asset? That is the asset where the money actually switches hands. You can see that in here there's other assets that I didn't put in selling. There's like one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine choices in the cart asset. You'll see there's more. A couple more. Sam cart. Sam cart is a cart asset software, right? It is not a selling asset software. So it is the point. What it's unique selling prop is we're going to make your cart so secure, so irresistible, so amazing that people are going to buy. You still need to sell an asset somewhere, right? Another example is like Squarespace could technically has a cart asset. Teachable has a cart asset, right? It has a checkout area. Thinkific has a checkout area, right? So what's actually going to be used for your cart? Delivery. Where are you actually going to store what you have? And for most of you who are in e-commerce, you would just choose other because it's getting shipped out, right? If you're an info product, you can host it in ClickFunnels. You can host it in Cartridge and Fusionsoft, or you could do something else like have a Teachable site, a Thinkific site, a Learn-Dash site, et cetera, et cetera. And I want to talk about the cart and delivery here in a second with an example. Followup. Followup is most of the time email, but it's also other things too, right? I said messenger marketing. And some of these do more than just email. If you look at like Actionetics, for example, it also does texting even though you do technically need another program there. But what is your followup asset? What are you going to use to actually follow up with your customers? And then you have your traffic assets. This is the living, breathing asset that never dies, never goes to sleep, always needs content. And the question you're just going to ask yourself is which traffic assets are you going to use once it's built? And you might have to just say later, like I'll worry about that later. Like some of you might be like, oh my gosh, I'm not, I don't have time to do YouTube. So I'll just do that later. But I am definitely going to do Facebook ads. And you know what? I never, ever want to do blogging. That's not my thing. So I'm going to say no, right? And you could look at all of these traffic assets and figure out which ones are you going to use. Okay. Then the second question that we ask is about people. And I'm going to get to that in a second. But what I want to talk about with these assets to answer the tool question is I showed you guys some example setups here. Because I think a lot of people are like, why don't just want to use, you know, click phones. So hold on guys, I'm losing my voice. And so I wanted to explain something. This is really important and this will help your, any newbies. If you keep the cart asset and the delivery asset, the same tool, you minimize an automation choke point. So what I mean by that is let's say you have a WordPress site and you're like, I want to sell a course. And I want to use Teachable because I really like Teachable's interface, right? You can put your sales page on WordPress. You can use Elementor, Divi or whatever, whatever you want. But I would recommend if you're a beginner, probably use the Teachable cart and the Teachable delivery. When the cart and delivery are the same asset, you have a lot less friction. Versus if your cart is in click funnels and your delivery is in Teachable, which I've done by the way, you have to create a bridge, right? You have to create a talking. And so I said if you have two different tools for cart and delivery, you will need either Zapier, a web hook or some sort of connection point to talk. So this would be a perfect example here. That's why I made it in red. If your cart asset is click funnels and your delivery asset is Teachable, that's two different assets right there, you're going to need a zap, right? Click funnels to ship station. There's going to need, there's going to be a talking that needs to happen, right? Okay. So the most important thing is that your selling asset and your cart asset don't have to be the same tool. So you can use WordPress. You can use like, you can switch it out. The cart and delivery is really where the rubber meets the road. Okay. And in almost all cases, with the exception of entrepreneur cart run click funnels, most email or text responders have to be integrated in some way. There are very few systems with the exception of those three. Like I said, most of the time you have to have an integration somewhere. The good news is that most companies know this. And so the integration is pretty robust. But if you want your follow up asset, like your email to match the tool, the really the only ones that do it pretty well are like cartra and click funnels, but even click funnels struggle sometimes to, because you still have to attach send grid and all that other junk. So I think that the probably the most common for people who don't like to spend a lot of money on like a click funnels type service would be a WordPress selling asset. And maybe the cart and delivery end up in a membership area because they don't want to deal with the membership. Or if you are going to do WordPress for your membership, maybe you're using lead pages as a sales page, maybe you just use Elementor. And then you actually check out on WordPress and deliver in WordPress so that there's less friction there. Okay. There's so many combinations. But I think once you see it sort of zoomed out, you can see, all right, what are the tools that I actually need. And when you're just starting out, you know, obviously a click funnels for selling cart and delivery is really handy and easy for funnel gorgeous. That's what we're doing right now. The selling the cart, the delivery is all in click funnels. The follow up is in convert kit. Eventually, we will have cart right here and delivery in WordPress, but we'll probably keep some of our selling assets on click funnels, but we'll integrate WordPress as cart and delivery. So that's like the key point that I wanted to make there so that you don't want to pull your hair out. Okay, so that's that for tools. So you guys have any questions about tools? Go ahead and put them in the comments below. I'm almost done with this lesson and then we'll go. Looks like we got 12 questions so far. The second thing is the people. A system is a person, a tool and a process, right? And for some of you guys bootstrapping, you might be doing it yourself. In which case, you just want to ask yourself, who is going to write the sales copy if you have offer cure and you can bang it out and you know what you say me? Who is actually going to create the product, right? Create the course, create the mastermind, create whatever it happens to be. You or someone else and if it's someone else who, who's going to do it, right? Graphic designer. Here's where I think I cheekily put funnel gorgeous or someone else. I was like, I'm going to doubt, right? So I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to put, you know, funnel gorgeous. I'm going to use offer cure for my offer shots. I'm going to use a design template, right? I'm going to use that tech builder. Who is the tech builder? Hopefully by the end of this class, if you want to be the tech builder, you're going to understand the strategy enough that you can be able to pull this off just fine. And then the last question is, who are going to do all of these different traffic pieces, whichever traffic pieces you pick, you're going to need to have a person, even if it's you. And as you just sit and sit down and say, okay, who is doing this? You're going to start to see if you're like, oh, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me. And then you're like, gosh, I wonder why I'm so overwhelmed, right? We'll like, look at what you're trying to pull off here. There's a lot to do. So how can you create as many shortcuts as possible? So the call to action for this particular, for this particular module of, oh my gosh, sorry, of funnel RX is to number one. If you have any funnels out in the wild right now, go through the irresistibility positioning and trust and score yourself and see how you're doing. If you don't have any funnels yet, but you're actually going to build a funnel, I would go through and write down what are your tools going to be and who are your people going to be, and go through offer cure and make sure that you have your offer done and your sales copy done. And you kind of have an idea of what design you're going to use or offer shots. That's really the point of this module right here. So I'm going to stop sharing my screen here for a second. I am. And your analogy game is strong. Thank you. I'm always working on trying to make good analogies here. Okay, we got a bunch of questions. I'm just going to run down the list and hope that I have the context because sometimes when you ask the questions and then I've passed the point, I'm not quite sure what you mean, but I'm going to see. Okay. How do newbies figure out what Facebook will be okay with and what they will shut down? The best thing to do is to do a little research first. You can go into Facebook groups where they talk about it. You can actually review the community guidelines. And you can ask advice because there's the rules and then there's the nuance. In general, Facebook doesn't like direct response copy, right? When they say you, you, you, you, problem, problem, problem, right? Like they, like what direct response copywriters teaches, like the opposite of what Facebook likes. Facebook doesn't like make money online. Facebook doesn't like MLMs. Facebook doesn't like dating relationship kind of stuff. Anything that's going to make some people feel bad about themselves. Okay. How long do you need to build an audience before you launch your funnel? Three months, six months, are you a newbie and have no audience? That's a great question. And that is actually the last piece of the whole thing is, you know, launch gorgeous was like, how do you actually like build an audience and launch? I'll give you this advice. If you're launching something low ticket, you need an audience of zero. You can just use ads and build your audience as you're selling at the same time. If you're selling something high ticket, you need a minimum of a hundred people, but realistically, you're going to need at least a thousand people. And it depends on how much money you have to spend. If you have a lot of money to spend, you can get a thousand people in one day. If you don't have a lot of money to spend, it may take you three or four months. What I will say though, and what I'm going to be going over in launch gorgeous is that it's very important on how you roll out the campaign versus just like, here I am, here's my stuff, right? And that's kind of the whole point of launch gorgeous once it's actually built. Like how do you, how do you sort of like seduce the audience into trusting you and buying from you? Assuming, of course, that you're an ethical marketer. Brina says, you mentioned that the cart is fundamental needs lots of design attention. What about the sales page that includes the order form? Yeah. So I think Sabrina, what I was trying to say is a lot of people know the sales page is important, but they tend to forget that the cart is important. When the cart and the sales page are on the same page, you know, people pay attention. But I, what I was trying to say was like, if you have a cart that's separate from the selling asset, that's where you really have to pay in meticulous detail. Lisa says, was the membership course area for offer cure and funnel at our Axon Click Funnels? It looks great. So I'm hoping if I use one of your funnel drop membership products, mine will look as nice. Yes, it's all on ClickFunnels right now. And we do style memberships for ClickFunnels that you can buy. I believe they're $37 and they all look amazing. And Kathy does all of those and she's awesome. Okay, Nicole says, will this work for healthcare professionals, chiropractors? Yes, 100% it will. Now what I will say, Nicole, is that when you are a local business, where is your cart asset and where is your delivery asset? Because this is why I'm choosing to talk about funnels this way, because your cart asset is in your location, right? Your delivery asset is in your location. That all happens. So the most that you can do online is you can do your selling asset, you can do your follow up asset, you do your traffic assets, but your delivery and cart happen inside the location. And so that's just how you would plan your funnel. Does that make sense? Okay, April says with the digital launch, how much of it would you build before validating? I think I heard don't build it all out. Would you do an outline and test that? I'm confused about how far from idea to validation. Are you if you're super new and you don't have a following? Yeah, so April, great question. If you're doing something low ticket and you plan to just have a funnel and run ads, you need to go ahead and just build everything. Are most of it maybe not your OTO, but at least that first offer. Because when you're dealing with cold traffic, like they want to have something that they can consume. So there is a risk involved there, for sure. But it's low ticket. So it's usually not 10 months of your life to build something. If you're doing anything high ticket, you are going, I wouldn't build any of it, except for a welcome and introduction. And I would sell everything first and build it as you go. Albert says, do you commonly create the members area in the same funnel or have it separate so that all roles grows in funnel offers lead to one place? That is a matter of preference. If you're talking specifically about click funnels, we have our members area in its own funnel, because we have multiple funnels that lead to that members area. That was just an organizational choice that we made. It is not necessary to do that. In click funnels, it was the opposite. Every single funnel had a members area. And there was like 8,000 different members areas, depending on the products you purchased. We wanted one login for people with everything. And so that's why we made the members area separate. For the delivery asset, do you recommend to be in membership area? If it is an info product, like a 12 month calendar, could I just deliver it via an email? Yes, you can. Now, of course, sometimes people lose emails. And so I think that's the idea of like a membership area allows them to always like log back in and find what they bought. But we have been delivering our webinar slide decks via email. And you can totally do that. There are also programs like digital asset downloads, digital access tasks. These are cart assets where there's not really a members area. It's just sort of like it's delivered as a zip file or something like that. So that is a choice that you can make if you want it. Okay, question. How are you getting on the different platforms in the as seen on section? So that does take a little bit of time. I used PR mainly to do it, where I had someone pitch me for different stories and things like that. And I went and said, you know, this is my story. This is my signature sort of message. I started on, you know, less well known sites, and then eventually moved from my way up. And a lot of the big things that I got, like I've been on the Rachel ratio, all just happened because I had a blog and I was publishing. Right. And if you don't publish, people can't find you. And so that's why there's all like it's important to publish. That's why the traffic is the living breathing content machine, because that's how people discover you. Does that messenger thing come from many chat? Yes, it does. And I love it. And it's easy and everybody knows Facebook Messenger. And so I just go ahead and we use it. I mean, it does have some organizational deficiencies. And so there are other pop up little bubbles like that, that go to a help desk or a ticket system and makes it a lot easier. But I just find it's easy, especially if you're just getting started, you don't have too many customers yet. What do you use for your cart? I've used so many things for my cart. I've used digital product delivery for my cart. I have used teachable for my cart. I have used WordPress for my cart. Right now I'm using click funnels for my cart, right? So I actually have delivery over at the funnel gorgeous side, the cart and the delivery are the same, right? It's click funnels. On my business side and create your laptop life, my cart is click funnels and my delivery is teachable. And that's just because the amount of information over on that side is so extensive. The delivery membership area for click funnels wasn't sufficient for me. Also, I found teachable before I found click funnels. And by the time I found click funnels, I had tons of, you know, tons of stuff. So I use Zapier, which is the little talking app that has click funnels talking to teachable. And it's, you know, for a lot of people, they get nervous about having the cart and delivery separate. But if you can get an automation specialist or someone who knows Zapier, it's really not a big deal. Okay. I went through the offer cure. I followed your suggestions. I've decided to sell an e-book with an audio book as an upsell and a live course similar to the structure of funnel RX. I'm hung up on the time it's going to take me to write the e-book, which isn't necessarily validated. Do you have advice on how I should proceed take a week and write it? Should I start with something else like another live course? I'm teaching photographers how to create organic traffic in the e-book. And my mini course is a wedding photography boot camp. So Natalie, yes, there is a risk involved when you write an e-book. First, it is a pretty heavy lifting style offer that you have to, you have to just go ahead and write. So there's risk. If you want to mitigate the risk, I would choose a different container that allows you to produce it more quickly. Typically, if you do a course or you do a challenge or you do boot camp, you can actually get that transcribed and written into a book. In some cases, like I was just with a client the other day, she's in the personal development space. She has to write the book because the course, it's like in certain markets, right? If I'm marketing to people who are in their fifties, right? Online courses are fairly new, but a book isn't, right? And so the container creates that sense of like, oh yeah, I can consume this information this way, right? People buy books on personal development all the time. They also buy courses, but usually it's a younger demographic. So ask yourself, does my demographic buy different containers besides books? And if they do, is there an easier way to do this first so that I don't have to go out and write the whole book? Because books, yeah, they do take, do take a lot of energy. If and when you move to WordPress as the cart, what will you use for the cart? Can you give me an example? Sure. So you could use WooCommerce. You could use cart flows. You can use Digital Downloads Plus. Those would be a couple examples of carts. And usually when you're on WordPress, you install a plugin that becomes your cart. So those would be examples. Another person asks, what are carts on WordPress? WooCommerce, cart flows are two really popular examples. From a branding perspective, does it matter if my website feels different from the funnel? It's okay. It's not the end of the world. I think if your funnel has a brand and a feel related to what it's selling, that's okay, right? Like if you look at my funnels, my funnels don't necessarily stay completely unbranded to my branding. Funnel Gorgeous has a very, very distinct brand design. That's because Cathy is in charge of it. Cathy is genius. But I think it's the funnel and the offer and everything feel cohesive because if people are finding that funnel through blogs, through podcasts, through traffic, through paid ads and stuff like that, they're going to see that as the container all the way through. It's not like they're going to sit there and compare it to your website, right? Okay. Nicole says, what would be the sequence for booking appointments for higher ticket health services? Okay. So typically, if you have higher ticket items, and we'll get into this more next week, but if you have higher ticket items, you need a presentation, right? You've got to establish trust. So higher ticket health services, if you don't want to do a presentation online, because that might feel weird to have like an online presentation, and then you can't actually, it's like, it actually needs to happen in person, right? The high ticket either needs to happen on the phone or in person. So for you, I think you have to see, and I think you're the person who asked about the chiropractor, that the bulk of your sale, the high ticket sale, is really in person. And so what your funnel has to do is get them in the door. And so what you're selling is getting them in the door. So your selling asset has to get them in the door. And are you going to actually charge to get them in the door? No, you want them to walk in the door for free, you want them to pay for the service. So your selling asset really has to go after something free. There are examples of local business funnels, where they actually sell a low ticket online voucher kind of thing, because they know that the high ticket is too big of a jump. So they'll sell. And I would actually ask someone like Stephanie Blake, who like does ads for chiropractors, she might just do straight lead gen, where she's basically selling, getting them in the door with something free, or they may be doing something where they're offering like, oh, get an adjustment, get this, get that, you know, for 77 bucks. And they're actually putting the cart there and selling asset and the car asset are online. Local businesses that have done that are things like gyms. And I think chiropractors have done it as well. But a lot of local businesses just sell getting them in the door for something for free. Suzanne, how important is the quality of video and delivery assets if you're a fitness coach or some other kind of demonstration niche? I'm feeling hung up on video quality, because I'll be doing fitness demos. So I think that's a great question. I think it's important that people aren't tripped up by the video in terms of you don't want the video to be a distraction, or you don't want the video to not be able to help them in some way. But I don't know that it has to be produced in the quality that you think. Like there's no sense in you looking like Jane Fonda in a workout studio, if that's not what you are. But if the video is clear, and the video helps them do what they need to do, and it doesn't distract from their ability to learn, I don't think that it has to be highly produced. And I think that getting, having a situation where you have a camera on a tripod, and you set up a cool scene somewhere, you could get that all done. And you don't have to like pretend that you're something that you're not. All right. Okay, I got offer cure. I'm in 2CCX. I did my first launch of $1,000. I'm following your PowerPoint guidelines from offer cure. Today's day two, and it's scary. Seeing all the Facebook numbers, what metrics after 24 hours should I really focus on? All right, so you already have the following already launched. So what you want to look at is how many unique views have looked at your selling asset, right? Have looked at your sales offer. If it's a low ticket offer, in 24 hours, you should have, you know, maybe not even 100 people that have seen your offer yet, right? So you're kind of, you're just barely in the game. If you have a webinar, then you definitely haven't had 100 people see your offer. You maybe have had a few people opt in. Maybe a few people watch, but you don't have even remotely enough data. So you're looking for unique people who've seen the offer, who've seen the selling asset and how many units sold. You take the number of units sold, you divide that by the number of people who've seen the offer. And that's how you come up with your buy rate. That's actually something that we're going to focus on more in module four. We're going to talk about split testing, conversion rates, and things like that. I hope that answers your question. Okay. Those are all the questions I got, you guys. You guys asked really amazing questions. Teresa, yes, if you're interested in design and branding in a more in-depth level, our funnel gorgeous course talks about funnel design, or you can look at Kathy. Kathy has some of her own branding stuff. That's for high-end people who really want to learn like the meat of designers, like a good design. All right. So what I'm going to do next is fine. Did I just delete it? Not deleted. I shut the window of where all those slides were. All right. So I think that's it. I promise that I would give you no fluff. I would keep it to the point. So I'm going to give you guys the link to the slides right now. If you have a funnel running, go through that checklist. If you don't have a funnel running and you have been thinking about a funnel, go ahead and map out what kind of tools you're going to use, who's going to do it, so that next week when we talk about the actual process, right, where in your value ladder you are, how you choose which funnel type, what each value ladder is supposed to do, that's where we're going to go next. Okay. Hold on. Let me get you guys, let me get you guys the slide deck. All right. Albert came back. He says, I'm at 300 unique views on a $47 SLO. How many units have you sold? That's my next question. Let me give you guys this link here since you're here live. So that is the spreadsheet for today. Okay. Hold on. Yeah. Albert, how many sales have you had? And then let me give you guys, okay. So he's saying he's got one sold. Hold on. Let me do the math on that. That's not, you're not at 1%. 1 divided by 300. That's unique views. Yeah. So you're at less than half a percent. So what I would say to you is, well, opt-ins, are you doing a, yeah, 47. Something is not irresistible enough. Something is not positioned correctly enough, or there is not enough trust. I would go through that checklist and ask yourself, now in module three, Albert, we're going to talk about like eat the items, the elements that you have to have on each type of asset. Like, do you have this on your cart? Do you have this on your sales asset? Do you have this on your follow-up asset? And we're going to look at all of those things. And so that will be more handy. I don't have that stuff yet, but there's definitely something wrong with irresistibility positioning or trust because you, and so you can stop the ads. You're at 24 hours in and you've already had 300 unique views. You only have one. Like, to me, that says that there's something wrong with the funnel. Okay. I just sent the link to the spreadsheet in this webinar chat. And the next thing I'm going to do is actually, I don't know, can I, I don't think I can upload a file on, no, I can't upload a file. I will download the slides as a PDF and stick it in the members area for you, but the spreadsheet is up there. So go ahead, guys, grab it there. We will put everything in the members area. I will see you next Tuesday at 12 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. I'm just going to drop the link a few more times so you guys can see it. Next week, 12 p.m. Really appreciate you guys, appreciate you attending live. And, and I hope it was helpful. And any other questions that you have that you thought of, go ahead and drop them in Marketer's Heart if you, if you want, and then I will compile them for next week's Q&A. Okay. All right. Talk to you soon, guys. Bye.