 Hello, good morning, good afternoon, all my funnelRx people. Welcome to module two of FunnelRx. So if you just say hello, give me a minute, I'm going to roll up my sleeves here. I'm so excited to be with you guys today. I see a bunch of you popping in. Okay, hopefully you guys are getting Zoom reminders. So first time I've done that where I set the registration to go for all four calls, hoping that you guys get your links and stuff. I'm assuming you do because you're all here. How's it going? Hello, hello. Okay. So I am very excited about module two. I just want to, okay, sweet. All right, I'm not going to waste anybody's time. I'm going to get right to it. Last week was module one, and that's where we talked about all of the elements in a funnel. Right? We're trying to make sure that we understand the strategy from an evergreen standpoint, platform independent. And so last week we talked about the bullseye of the funnel, how to know if you're going to have a successful funnel. And I talked about great offer, great copy, great design. And then I talked about your resistability, positioning, and trust. And those were the three sort of elixirs you need to make a funnel. Sing. And then we went into the assets, right? The different types of assets, because I want you guys to see that every good funnel has five assets. That's it. It has the selling asset, the thing that actually sells it, the cart asset, which is where the money is exchanged, the traffic asset, which is how the people get to the actual sales asset. The delivery asset, which is how they get what they paid for, and the follow-up asset, which is what we do with all of the people who don't buy that first time around, or maybe they only bought part of it and you want to upsell them, et cetera, et cetera. That's what we covered last week. This week we are going to go into the funnel strategy blueprints for six common business models. The reason why I'm doing this before we get into like the little elements is because I can't tell you how many times a day, a week, a month, a year I hear, but what about for me? Right? And that's always the question. Which funnel do I use? Which one is best for my business? And I want to solve that question forever today. So can you guys hear me okay? I want to make sure everyone can hear me. I have someone saying they can't hear me. Yes. Okay. Yes, you can hear me. Okay. Perfect. So Julie, I think it's probably something on your computer because everyone else can hear me, but she can't even hear me say that. All right. So let's rock and roll. And I'm going to go into presentation mode. Again, if you have questions about this particular module, please put them in the Q&A box, not the webinar chat, since the webinar chat moves really quickly. All right. So we're on module two, funnel strategy blueprints for six common business models. Here are the six online business models that I want to focus on today. And most of you, almost all of you will fit into one of these models. Number one, info products. Okay. That's where you sell either courses, memberships, digital downloads, etc. Number two, an e-commerce business. You sell physical products online to restore. Number three, an agency business where you actually sell your services, social media, copy, funnels, video. Number four, a local business where you actually have a physical shop somewhere or a restaurant or whatever it happens to be. Five, a coaching business, which is really kind of like a blend of one and three, right? Because it's digital products like number one, but it's also your time like number three. And then the last type, which is a SaaS business, which is software as a service. This is a business model where you sell, it's a digital product again, but it's software and it's a recurring subscription. Anybody not in one of these six models, because this is pretty much the six types of business models of people who are going to use online marketing. Okay. So I am trying to forever answer the question, but what funnel should I use for me? Okay. That's the whole point of this. So let's talk about the value ladder. And I finally decided to name the value ladder because in my mastermind with all my people, I was always like, wait, what part of the value ladder are you working on? Which part matters, right? And so I've named it with the letter E. I have a fondness for the letter E because my three children all have E names, Evan, Eliana and Eden. And so the three levels of the value ladder are as follows. Excite. This is the excite level of the value ladder. This is the point at which somebody comes to know who you are and becomes your customer. Okay. And a value ladder, for those of you guys who don't know what a value ladder is, it's really just a customer journey of how a human who doesn't know you exist, figures out you exist and becomes your customer and then continues to consume your product. So the excite level of the value ladder, whenever you're creating funnels for the excite level, you are either trying to acquire a customer, get a new customer, increase your brand awareness that people know that you exist, or you're trying to help your customers dip their toe into the waters of you. Okay. That's the excite level. The second level is establish. Now at this level, this is where you're really planting your flag. This is the core of what you offer. This is what you are known for. This is where you introduce your main shtick. This is your main thing, your core product, your capstone product, whatever you want to call it. If you think about business people in our sphere, Russell Brunson, right? Click funnels. That's his capstone core offer. That's where he planted his flag. Okay. He sells a million other things, but that's the core. When you think of Russell, you think of click funnels. When you think of Marie Forleo, you think of B school, right? That's her capstone. When you think of Stu McLaren, you think of tribe. Okay. Those are all the establish. Where are you planting your flag? The third level of the value ladder is elevate. Okay. This is for funnels and offers where there is higher touch, where there is premium pricing, or where it's your die-hards want to go. Okay. I am an elevate customer in the land of Disney. Okay. So if you think about Disney, the excite level of Disney is like Disney plus, right? You love Disney plus. You like the movies, whatever. The established level is Disney world. Okay. And I'm just using this as a funny example, but this is like what they're known for. It's Disney world and you go and you visit and it's this whole big thing, right? Elevate is me, right? Who's trying to buy every single possible high ticket premium access, you know, program membership. I can get my hands on because I'm such a Disney fanatic. I have Disney plus. I love Disney world and I have everything under the sun and so does Kathy. And Kathy is one of my favorite humans of all times and we don't get to just be business partners. We also get to enjoy Disney world together and all of our crazy addiction to it. You should have seen that when we realized we both love Disney and we hadn't told each other, it was like a love affair. It was like, oh, okay. So here are the three levels. So whenever you're, if you're working with me, if you're going to work with us and launch gorgeous, if you decide that you want to do launch gorgeous with us, no matter what, I'm going to now, I'm going to now identify these three phases of the value ladder as excited, established and elevate. Does that make sense? Everybody cool with that? Everybody understand what the difference is? And this works for all business types. Like I'm really trying to lay the groundwork so that you never have to say, but what about my business? What's the best option for me? Okay. Everyone cool with that? All right. Awesome. So zooming in, a lot of people ask me, well, I'm a new business owner. Where do I start? Okay. Very, very common. What level of the value ladder do I start? Okay. So pick somewhere. You can see that the red circle around establish is thicker. There are a lot of cases under which starting at establish makes the most sense. Okay. And I love this model because you can build a list, do a launch, make sure that people are really excited about your offer. And then once it's established in an evergreen funnel, you can go down to excited and you can go up to elevate. And so that's the most common model that I see. And it's also, I think really important for people, that's the whole crux of what Kathy and I are going to be doing with Launch Gorgeous is that we want to help you create your established level or in some cases, Launch Gorgeous can be used for your elevate level. Right. But you can start with excite if you want to. There's lots of people who've done that as well. And that's where you start with a tiny offer. Right. A little thing, an inexpensive thing. You build the funnel for that. And then once you get some traction, then you move to establish. So you can start either way. And a bunch of you might be saying, well, what about elevate? Can you start with elevate? And what I would argue is most people who start with elevate, what they're really doing is they're just making this offer their temporary established level. And then they move it to elevate once they have a product line. So let me give you an example. When I launched my agency, it was my high end. Right. Like I had my high end premium. Right. It's you start with elevate. That's my thing. But then once I had the sales funnel boot camp, which was like a group coaching program, my sales funnel boot camp was really my established and my agency was my high end. So it was just that my agency temporarily held the core, like my done for your work held the core block and then it moved up to elevate once I had it. So that's a really good example. Likewise, when I started create your laptop life, that was my established. That was where I was planting my flag. Once I decided, oh, wait a second, I don't just want to teach people how to become virtual systems. I actually want to teach them how to become digital marketers. I launched digital gangsta. I moved CYL down to my excite level. It became a front end product and TDG became my established and digital insiders became my elevate. Okay. There can be movement. Sometimes you create something and you're not quite sure if you're not quite sure. Usually you start with established. Right. And then it might move around. So Julie's asking, she says, if you start with established and are not known, isn't it harder to sell your offer? Well, I would say this. It's okay if you're not known. I think the big question to ask yourself is, are you an expert? So if you come to me and you say, I'm an expert in horseback riding and I want to launch an offer, you should launch your established offer. Even if you're not known yet, that's going to take a little while, but you should plant your flag there. And then you can build your excite and your elevate and all that kind of stuff. If you come to me and you say, I want to launch a course on how to build sales funnels, but you're not an expert yet, you shouldn't go to the established level because you need to actually like harness that expertise. So maybe you are selling something down at the excite level because you're not an expert yet. And then once you become an expert, then you have your established. So that's sort of the key difference. It's not about are you known or are you not known? It's about, are you an expert? Right. Because in the info product space, and again, we're talking about info product business in this question. If you're an info product owner and you're an expert in what you're about to teach, just go right for establish. If you are not an expert and you don't have social proof and you don't have credibility, but you want to be an expert, you're going to have to go down to the excite level more than likely and sell lower ticket products before you can actually be an expert. Does that make sense? That. Hope that explains it. Okay. So typically at the established level, if you're going to start at the established level, you're going to start with one of three types. A launch style where you launch with a sales page, a webinar style where you either do a live or an automated webinar, or a VSL, which is a video sales letter. And we're going to go way more in depth on this in just a few minutes, but I just kind of want to give you the 35,000 foot overview. Down at the excite level, the most common type of funnel is the SLO or the self-liquidating offer. The idea is it's a bunch of little inexpensive things kind of put together in a funnel and spend money on ads and you earn money back, but usually most of the money you spend on ads gets eaten up. You break even and that's why it's called self-liquidating. So I give Mark Zuckerberg a thousand bucks. I earn a thousand dollars in sales. I broke even. Right? Yay. I've gotten a customer for free. Now I can sell them on my established level and on my elevate level. Okay. More recently, I would argue with not to sound obnoxious, but with our teaching in the market, the SLO funnels are actually profitable, not just break even because we're really helping people come up with amazing offers. And that's part of the whole point is like the last several SLO funnels that I've helped sort of mastermind have all not just broken even them in profitable. So then over here, you have the elevate and usually these are either launch style. So you launch to your customers, right? And some of them ascend into elevate. It could also be a webinar or could be an application. So this is the most, these are the most common and I'm going to show you them all in different business model types because I know a lot of you guys have probably a million questions about how this works. Now, once you have all three levels, you may want to come back down to the excite level and create a new funnel, a new front end funnel. Maybe you've been targeting moms and now you want to target work at home moms, stay at home moms or work at home moms and you need a little bit of a different front end offer. Okay. And then maybe you want to target singles, right? Millennials who don't have babies yet. You can create a lot of different funnels down at the excite level if you're going after different verticals or you're trying to expand your market and things like that. But normally your establish and your elevate remains steady. The exception to that rule is again, if you're just starting your business, sometimes your elevate establish sort of move around until you make sure you have your flag planted and that's normal and that's real life and it's not as clean and neat as we all want it to be. Okay. So with the excite level, okay, that lower level, you need these three things. You need order bumps, you need one time offers, you need to like have a few pieces and parts, right? And you need, eventually for a big business, you need several different funnels to handle multiple different avatar entry points and or advertising because anyone who thinks they can just have one funnel at the excite level and then they run the ads and then eventually the ads fatigue and then they're like, okay, now I don't know what to do. Well, a lot of big businesses, if you look at businesses like ClickFunnels, they have multiple excite funnels that they're sort of rotating out through the year to keep everything fresh. Okay. So at the excite level, this is what you need. At the establish and elevate level, these two levels, you need one of the following. You will need pressure, you will need a presentation or you will need a person. So what do I mean by that? At the establish and the elevate level, you can do a funnel. It either needs pressure, meaning it needs a launch, right? It needs that build up and excitement and the scarcity and the urgency and all that kind of stuff. It either needs that. So Stu McClaren's tribe has a yearly launch, right? Or you need a presentation, which is you need an evergreen webinar funnel that's going all the time or you need a person. You need someone on the phone who can do the sale. This is like whenever you do something high priced, you need one of these three. Sometimes you need two out of three. And in rare cases, you need three out of three. Don't ever try to launch an establish or an elevate without one of these three items. A lot of the big launches will do pressure and presentation. They'll have both of those. But you can do just, you can get away with one. And so that's sort of the big key difference, right? At the excite level, you need lots of little pieces and order bumps and OTOs and upsells and downsells and you need a bunch of different that can rotate out. Without establish and elevate, you need pressure, presentation or person. So Karen is saying here, I think I only have established. I'm not sure I have enough products for the excite level. That's a great point. Excite levels do need a lot of little products. And that's kind of what OfferCure was trying to get at is that if you're going to build an SLO, you do need a lot of little pieces. Yes, it will be available to the recording. It's recording now. All right. So let's put this all together. Right? What did we learn in week one about the traffic asset, the selling asset, the cart asset, delivery asset and the follow up? Let's talk about the excite level funnels, those types of funnels. Right? I'm going to start right here. So typically you need either a sales page, right? Just a straight up sales page or you could do a sales page with an order form. Right? Like a two step free plus shipping or OfferCure is actually a two step. It has the order form and sales page all combined. Or sometimes in an excite funnel, you have something like a free summit, right? Where it's more like a registration type page. Okay? So you need some, those are the most typical selling assets you will see in an excite funnel. Then your cart asset is your order form. Your cart asset is your order form with your order bump. Your OTO form, which is kind of like a selling cart combo, right? Where it's like a one time offer. Also your down sells look exactly the same. One's just an upsell, one's a down sell. But either way it's kind of a selling and cart together. Notice how it says when you're building an excite funnel and you need one asset, one sales asset, but you need all. Like you definitely need an order bump and an OTO. Why? Because in advertising, it's expensive to get somebody into your funnel and to purchase. Without the order bump and without the OTO, you won't make money. You will not make your money back. I repeat, you will not make your money back. Okay? So that's really important. Then you need your delivery asset, depending on what kind of funnel. If it's a physical product or digital product, right? Either a member's area or shipping and fulfillment. And for your follow up asset, you need emails. And or retargeting ads can also be a follow up asset. So this is pretty much for any excite funnel, when you're trying to acquire a customer or elevate your brand awareness, this is what you need. And you can see here, the traffic assets, there's all kinds of options. You can do as many as you can. I really encourage people to dial in one and then start to build on. In theory, to become a big giant company, you would want as many as possible. Hopefully all of them. Okay? All right. So then let's move to established funnels. Right. Remember, you need pressure, presentation, or a person. So in this case, if we go here to your selling asset, it's either going to be a webinar, right? Where you have a webinar registration page, countdown, watch room, like that whole kind of funnel type. Or you have just a sales page. Because remember, pressure allows you to sell just with a sales page. And that's kind of what Launch Gorgeous is about. You could also have a sales page with a VSL, a video sales letter at the top. Or if you're doing a launch, a big giant product launch, you could have sort of this free video series that leads into your offer. Right? So this is a typical selling asset. You would choose one of these. At the established level. Again, the cart asset, you're just going to need an order form or an application to a phone call. Either one. Same thing for delivery. Same thing for follow up. Same thing for traffic. Okay. So really the primary difference that's happening here is what selling asset are you using? Because a lot of times with traffic, you can use all the same traffic modules. This is also why it's so incredibly important to make sure you understand that the funnel building process is a project and the traffic. Remember what I said last week? It's the alive part of the funnel. It's the content monster. It's the thing that you can never, like you can never turn it off. It's imagine when you launch a funnel, it's like you're sending, you know, your most prized possession in a car going 100 miles an hour down the street. And you have to always keep it filled with gas. Right? So that's the part of the funnel that never sleeps, so to speak. Okay. And then the elevate funnels. Again, remember you need pressure or a presentation and usually a person at this level. These are the types of selling assets you might see. You might see a case study sales page, which is basically the first step of an application. Sorry. You might do a webinar, right? We're instead of a webinar to a buy now, you're doing a webinar to an application. Sorry, I got something caught my throat. Or sometimes you can see a BSL with a sales page. Here's the key. The cart asset is usually application to a phone call because elevate funnels are expensive enough. This is not a law, but in a lot of different types of businesses that elevate, at the elevate level, you're on the phone before you make the sale. You'll also notice that the traffic assets dialed way down here in the elevate funnels. And that's because, whoops, that's because typically, elevate funnels are only being sold to your existing customers. Remember how I said back at the beginning that they're like the diehards? So you're either using your current email list, possibly you're using JV or affiliates. Maybe you're doing live events. It's very rare that you're going to see someone just running ads and doing blogging and stuff to sell something at the elevate level. All right. And yes, I'll give you guys the slides at the end because I know there's a lot of information I'm covering on every slide. Okay, so remember when I talked about those six business models? So now what we're going to do is we're going to go through each business model and we're going to talk about what it looks like at each level. So first, info product. Okay, so you have a course business or you want a course business or a membership, digital downloads, etc. My recommendation is that assuming you have an expertise, right? Assuming that you have the goods about what you want to sell, which by the way, from an ethics perspective, you should be an expert before you try to sell at the established level. Okay, that's just it. That's just something to know. You're going to start with an established funnel. I recommend you start with a launch. Okay, that is my most trusted tool in my tool belt to get an offer validated. So if you're starting an info product business, launch gorgeous would be exactly what I would follow. You can do a webinar right out of the gate if you want. If you know you're an expert and you don't want to launch. But I almost always say do launch and then turn it into some sort of evergreen webinar or evergreen BSL. Okay, that's where you start. If you're not yet an expert in your field, you will have to probably start at the excite level. So typically I say, okay, once you've got your established, now you go down to excite, you build a front end. Then you go up to elevate and you figure out what can I offer more? You could swap these around. You could do elevate first and then excite. But it's sort of a matter of preference. And I see here, she says with a challenge funnel, would that be excite? Yep, totally. It's exactly the same as an SLO. Imagine my offer cure sales page in your head and now switch it out to a challenge, right? $37, $47. It's exactly, it's not, it's just a fancy, it's just a fancy name for an SLO. Which by the way guys, do you know how many people have asked us for the offer cure sales share funnel? Because of how freaking gorgeous it is. I don't know, Kathy, I think that's going to go down in history as one of your most beautiful sales pages ever. Okay, then you would build a couple more. So that's how I would recommend it at the info product level. Go to establish, build an excite funnel, build an elevate funnel, and then come back and finish your SLOs. You can vary it if you want, but that's sort of a general gist. All right, now let's talk about an e-commerce. I see Natalia is asking you on intensive and I'll get to that because that's a service base and that's not in the info product model. E-commerce, what happens? Here's the reality. You most likely will not have a funnel in the established level of an e-commerce business. You will have a storefront. You will have a Shopify store. You will have a WooCommerce store. You will have a ClickFunnel store. Whenever it happens that you will have a storefront and funnel gorges actually kind of operates sort of in the messy middle between an e-commerce business and an info product business because we have info products but we also sell templates, right? And so any e-commerce at the established level, you're just going to have a storefront. So from a funnel design standpoint, the most important thing you can do as an e-commerce brand is to build a front end funnel. And this is where you take your best selling products. You create an awesome combination of products. You use that funnel to acquire customers and then you ascend them by getting them to go back to your storefront in order again and again and again. Does that make sense? Okay. Now some people are like, what's the elevate level of an e-commerce product? It really depends on what kind of products you're selling. In some cases, some sort of subscription model would make sense, right? I just, I'm a subscription model in the function of beauty where I buy the shampoo or in beauty or wherever it happens to be. You may have a funnel that sells like, hey, you love this, you're clearly a returning customer. Like, do you want a subscription? Some e-commerce have events like, and I can't really think of any at the off the top of my head, but if it's a physical product that has a lot of brand identity, there might be an event, right? And that's where the die hard customers go. So that would be a typical e-commerce. You would start with your storefront, right? You'd make sure you have an amazing store and then you go and you build your excite funnel and then for your die hard customers, maybe you'd have something extra. I would say that for e-commerce, you would probably, you know, depending on what your storefront and your shop looks like, you might have two or three excite funnels to attract different types of customers into your different product lines. Okay. So now the agency model. I had a couple of you ask here about the intensive. The established level of most agencies is a business intensive funnel, and this is really just a way to lead to custom work. I've taught this in Proposal Secrets, but depending on what kind of agency you are, this is a funnel where they get on the phone, you sell them a strategic session that helps. You get all the information you need, helps them understand how amazing you are and all the work you do, and then it leads to custom work. That's the established level of an agency. That is the core of your business. That is where the flag is planted. Okay. Now, here's what's going on at the excite level and the elevate level of an agency. What is, what is L, this is lead, but what did P stand for? I feel like I made a mistake there. I was like, what is lead? It's a lead funnel. So at the excite level down there, you're going to have a lead funnel where you are going to do behind the scenes case study or a white report or a template or a checklist or whatever it happens to be. At the elevate level, you probably won't need a funnel at the elevate level because what will happen is once the custom work is done, you would sell them ongoing services. Right? Oh, your funnel's done. Let's do ads. Oh, your, you know, your project is finished. Let's do social media. Oh, your content is done. Let's do SEO. Right? And so the ongoing service type agencies that sell ongoing retainer, that's really what you're doing at the elevate level is that they've used you for some custom work and now they're moving on to like continuing to work with you. And down here at the excite level, this stands for service provider, webinar. And so I would say that if any of you have heard me talk about the service provider webinar, it's really like a, it's kind of like a webinar, but it's a demo of your capabilities of how awesome, how skilled you are. Think of it like this. Imagine if Kathy did a service provider webinar where she taught a workshop on hand drawn logos. Right? She got on Zoom and she started drawing with her little pad and she started making these hand drawn logos and everyone's watching and like, oh my God, this is amazing. Right? And it's super exciting. And then she's like, oh, by the way, I have three spots open for anyone who wants a hand drawn logo. And the three, you know, people on the webinar, we'll totally sign up. She doesn't need, number one, you don't need a lot of people on the webinar. Number two, you only need to sell a couple because it's custom and that usually sends people right into. So I use the service provider webinar or lead magnet. These are the excite level funnels at an agency and then the business intensive to customer. Okay. So there's probably three funnels total in an agency. You might be able to pull out a funnel here, but most customers are going to know you. They're going to be on a name by name basis. You're going to just email them or send them an invoice. All right. Let's talk about the local business. Okay. Here's the thing about a local business. This is where online and real world sort of smashed together because a local business really, unless they're trying to become an info product business, right, which a lot of them are, and I'll give you an example. Most local businesses, the established level of the value ladder is actually in the store, in the restaurant, in the gym, in the salon, in wherever they happen to be, right? So that's the established, like it's actually in real life. Okay. And the elevate is usually not a funnel with sales pages as much as it is emails, right? And so a lot of local funnels at the elevate level are just email automations that get them back into the store, get them back to do the service, sell them higher price items, et cetera, et cetera. At the excite level, this is where you do see the funnels. Most of them, again, I don't know what the P stands for, which I knew. I thought it would be LF, like lead funnel, but I don't know what the P stands for, would be a lead magnet type funnel. Here's where you can see some local businesses building out a full SLO funnel. Let me give you an example, a chiropractor. So getting them into the chiropractic office, right? That's where they make their most money. They have emails that upsell them, get them back in. But down here, they're doing either a lead magnet or maybe they're offering some introductory session. That's whatever, 70 bucks. And it's three adjustments and maybe some info products and stuff like that. And they're running that SLO to get people to pay for it so they can continue running ads. Is that their main business? No, it's getting them into the office still. So sometimes you can see SLOs being built for local businesses. Only certain types of businesses. Now, sometimes let's talk about a therapy business, for example, local business. Okay, getting them into the therapy office, getting them to be a patient. Maybe they do a lead magnet funnel. Maybe they decide, gosh, it'd be really cool if there was some way that I could take what I do in therapy and actually bring it into the online space. If that's the case, they're actually not going to use the local business value ladder. They're going to transition. And so a therapist might actually become a coaching business online. Or it might become an info product business in which case you'd be using the other value lever. Does that make sense? So when you're at the local level, if you're established, this is the question you ask yourself. If you're established level is getting them into the physical location, then you really are just going to have excite funnels and maybe some email at the elevator. But if you decide, hey, I want a whole online arm of my business, I want to transition the way I deliver my services, chances are you're going to move either into the info product model or the coaching model, which we haven't gotten to just yet. Okay, so here's the coaching model. What kind of funnels are at the site established and elite level? So first, you want to establish your coaching practice. Two best ways are either with a webinar or an application. Right? What did I say? Pressure, people or presentation. Okay. In most cases, a coaching business uses a presentation in a person. A presentation in the form of a webinar or a presentation in the form of a case study to a phone call. Okay. That's how the established level works of almost all coaching businesses. Now, what would you do next? Oh, see, there's the F. Oh my gosh. You do a lead funnel. Maybe you do a free lead magnet. Okay. That's pretty typical because you'll notice a lot of coaches, they have their main offer, but then they offer like free lead magnets and gifts. Now the elevate, right? The next level of a coaching business would be for the diehards, right? People who want to move beyond just one-on-one coaching, maybe they want to join a mastermind or an inner circle with a coach. That would be either launching to your existing customer list or it would be an application. Some coaches like to build SLOs and why? For the very reason that it's way easier to liquidate your ad spend with some low-cost digital products than it is to just use lead magnets. So a lot of coaches will be like, hmm, what can I package up that's digital, that's DIY, that will get people to then want to become a client of mine. Okay. So this is very common to have a free lead magnet in an SLO with a webinar or an application to the one-on-one coaching with a mastermind at the top. Okay. Pretty, pretty simple. Similar and also remember, a lot of coaches and info products blend together. Just like funnel gorgeous is sort of e-com meets info products. Some of these value ladders you could mash up a little bit, but I'm trying to separate the classic example of each one of them so that when you're saying, but what about my business? You can ask yourself the very simple question. What type of business model am I, right? Info product, agency, e-commerce, local, coaching or SaaS. And then what level of the value ladder am I working on? What am I trying to accomplish? Okay. The last business model type is the SaaS. This is the software as a service. Okay. This is what ClickFunnels is. This is what ConvertKit is, all the SaaS companies. Typically, if you're trying to establish yourself in the market, you watch how fast ClickFunnels grew. How did they do it? They did it with a webinar. The webinar led to funnel hacks, which was a course plus six months of the software for free. That is how they grew so fast. Not every software company does that. A lot of software companies use a VSL funnel. And it's probably a little bit of an over exaggeration to say it's a funnel because a lot of SaaS companies don't understand funnels. But the idea is it's a long ass sales page with a video sales letter at the top. And a lot of times those video sales letters are like demos or like little sketch or graphic. They're very, very graphic heavy. And they sell you a free trial or they sell you a $1 trial or they sell you a monthly subscription. Okay, but that's the established level. That's what you work on first. Then if you're smart, you'll follow in Russell's footsteps. And you will build SLO funnels. These are digital products, info products down at the excite level to educate your customer so that they're excited to then use your software. At the elevate level, you may have a higher end coaching program or a higher end version enterprise level of the software that you can either get on the phone and you can buy into that enterprise level or maybe it's coaching or an event or something like that. And then you would go back down and you build out more of your SLOs. Okay, so if we go back here, I'm just going to scroll out of this so I can go back to the beginning. Right here. No, here. Sorry. When you look at these three levels, these are the key things that you're trying to accomplish in each level. And depending on the six, what model you are would determine what kind of funnel type that you would use. Okay, so someone is asking a question about, I believe it was about the coaching model. You were asking would the established level be one or one or group coaching? Well, the great question about what she's asking is it could be either one. The point is that the established level is where you're planting your flag. It's the key transformation that you get to people. You get for people. So if you're a coach and you're like, okay, one-on-one coaching, this is what I do, this is the transformation, that's your established level. And then maybe you have an event or a mastermind or something up here at the elevate. Maybe you're a coach and you're like, you know what, my work is done best in a group. My established level is a group coaching program. That's what I offer. That's my thing. Again, same thing, webinar or application doesn't matter. You still need that type of funnel, whether it's one-on-one or what's a group. And if it's a group, maybe your elevate is one-on-one or maybe your elevate is still just an event or the next level of a mastermind. Does that make sense? Okay. So let me advance these slides here. So this is me trying to simplify this. Outside of platforms, outside of trendy tactics and say, step one is what is your business model? Step two, what level are you working on? And if you are a brand new business, the establish is most often where you start if you are an expert. If you are in the info product space and you're not an expert yet, start down at the excited level. Sometimes if you are like a local business or you are an e-commerce business, you already have a shop, like you established your business. That's why I called it establish. You established your business by opening up a restaurant. You established your business by opening up a Shopify store. You have established yourself. This is my flag. You are going to want to start at the excited level. Once in a while, you can also go at the elevate level. I think the info product business is where the majority of us get all mixed up and confused. So then once you've got your level, choose your level, choose your business model, choose your level, and then build your funnel plan using the five assets. What is your actual funnel plan? So if you're an info product, you are going to possibly start at excite if you're not yet an expert. Wait, hold on a second. Am I missing a slide here? Oh, okay. Here, I'm sorry. Give me a second. I was like, I made these slides several weeks ago, so I have to remember what I was doing. Okay, so here's an example. I was using an example of an info product, using the offer cure. So choose your business model. Okay, we are an info product, e-commerce sort of blend. We know that. And so choose the level. We have established our shop. We have established some of our courses at the info product side. So what are we going to work on? We're going to work on the excite level, and we're going to choose an SLO funnel. That's what we chose. So then I want to just show you the five assets. So step one. Here is the sales asset and the cart asset. Okay, here's the sales page, which you guys all went through. This is the sale selling asset. This is the cart asset right here. I also wanted to show you, because it's an SLO, we had an order bump. Right? This is the OTO, which is the sales and cart blended together. Right? It's selling funnel RX. It's also taking the payment through the button. So these are the sales and cart assets we created for our SLO funnel at the excite level. Okay. Here are the delivery assets. The delivery assets are the order confirmation page, which explains, hey, congratulations, you're a customer here, the next steps. And for us, it was the membership area. Right? So the login and then the actual area where you're learning what you're learning. This, these were the delivery assets that we had to create for this funnel. Then we talk about the follow-up assets. Now for us, there's several follow-up assets. The most important follow-up asset was, hey, an abandoned cart. When people opt into that order form and don't actually buy, we set up an abandoned cart sequence that fired. You can see here, as of the time of the screenshot, we had 203 people had entered their information, hadn't purchased. We had about 56% open rate and 15% click rate. And it's firing two hours after they put their information, saying, oh snap, what happened? We noticed you checked it out. What questions do you have? Click here. This sends people right into our messenger, where we can talk to them. It's also where they can finish checking out. Okay. So that's an example. You can also do abandoned cart in any kind of webinar funnel as well. All right. And then we have the traffic assets. Now the traffic assets, we did a bunch. So remember how I said the traffic assets, do you want to do as many as possible? Obviously, we were doing organic social media posting. We were doing emails and paid ads. So I was just kind of giving you some examples. Here is a picture of Kathy sort of teasing that the offer cure is coming. Okay. And so this was a comment, I mean a post in our Facebook group. We had a, the offer cure is here email that went out to 15,000 people. And this was a sales email. We also have our ads as well. So as you can see in this funnel, these are all the assets that we had to create. Of course, I am not really focusing on the fact that in this delivery asset, you actually have to create the content if you're an info product business. If you're a physical product business, it's different. If you're a local business, it's different. If you're a software as a service business, you've created the asset before you've actually sold it, but in an info product business, you actually have to create it. So this is the one that takes the most time of all of the assets, is actually creating the content itself. Okay. So by the end of this module, and I'm going to pop out of screen mode here in a second, the idea is in module one, we're talking about the importance of that irresistibility, positioning, trust and understanding these five different assets that no matter what kind of funnel you build, you're using these five assets. Okay. And also sort of understanding the tools that you're going to use possibly the people. In this module, I want you to know what business model are you in, which part of the value ladder are you working on, and therefore which funnel blueprint are you going to use. Okay. So that's, there we are. Hello. Okay. So one of the things that I wanted to show you guys, hold on, sorry, whenever I'm in screen share mode. Okay. And I want to answer all your questions. So just give me a minute. This is going to be the worksheet that you're going to get today. Last week, I gave you that irresistibility, positioning, trust, checklist, all that stuff. This week, we're really focusing on the blueprints and what business model you're in. So if you look at this, I'm going to just blow this up here a little bit so you can see. I'm giving you the most common funnel type for whatever model and whatever level you're at. So you literally say, okay, what kind of business am I? I'm an e-commerce business, and I'm at the established, oh, shit, you need to go build a store, see? And you can see the comment here that's saying, hey, go get an e-commerce storefront, right? If you're at the elevate level and you're like, okay, I want to elevate my customers, right? So I have a little comment here that says, a lot of e-commerce businesses don't even have an elevate. But if you're selling a subscription model, if you're trying to get people to subscribe to your supplement or whatever, you probably need a BSL funnel because you'll need a video at the top of the sales page. Remember, what do the three Ps at the elevate, our pressure, person, or presentation, you're going to need it, right? And so I give you a bunch of little comments here so that you can try to figure out what do I need. You can see that there are NAs not applicable where the comments will explain what you should be doing at that level depending on your business. Most of you are going to fall in the info product business model or in the coaching business model or in the agency business model. And that's just because that's the kind of customers that funnel gorgeous attracts. So let's just jump over here. Now these, excuse me, these just jump to little slides, right? To little sheets on the slides. If you just click here, it'll pull right in. And I'm going to actually zoom out for a second so you can see. This is literally just a very simple blueprint to help you start to brainstorm all the different things. So I basically said, I'm an info product business. I'm at the excite level. I want to build an SLO, okay? So you're going to have a sales page and this is where you can sort of brainstorm your notes about like what you're going to include on the sales page. Go use the offer cure. That's why I put here use offer cure to make sure that you have a good offer that has that irresistibility, positioning and trust, right? Then you're going to have an order form. Then you're going to have an OTO. Now you can see here, I'm showing you what kind of assets so that you can easily go back to module one and be like, oh right, what kind of tools can I use for a sales asset? You can use a Word, you can use a WordPress, Elementor sales page, you can use lead pages, you know, like all that kind of stuff. So you're going to look at this. You're going to see here the OTO. I actually made it two colors. So you can see this is actually a sales and a cart asset happening. An order confirmation page and a members area. This is the delivery assets and then the follow ups. What kind of follow ups are you going to do? Now, there's a modification down here. For some people, they are just going to mash up the sales page and the order form. It makes for a much smaller funnel. You can see the difference. It's instead of four pages, it's a three page funnel. So that's a modification. Either one will work. And then here are, I want you to pick at least three traffic assets that you're going to focus on. And the reason I picked three is because most people get lazy and they only pick one and then that is Facebook ads. And then their Facebook ad account could shut down and then they're screwed and they're all depressed. Okay. So what if you say, okay, I'm a webinar, right? And keep in mind, this means it could be a live webinar. It could be an on demand webinar, it could be an automated webinar, it could be a master class workshop, video training, etc. You're going to click on that. It's going to show you again the same thing. This, believe it or not, the webinar funnel is actually can be more complicated, especially if it's an evergreen webinar because you have your registration page, you have your countdown page, you have your watch room. Notice there's no sales page in the actual funnel. You're doing an order page, order confirmation. But I say additional pages we recommend. We actually recommend that you make a sales page version of the webinar so that for people who like to read, they can read instead of watch. You might want to replay room and you might want an expiration, especially if you're using deadline funnel and you want people to buy within a certain amount of time. Once they come into the funnel and the time has expired, you want a wait list. So I just showed these as extra assets as well. And you can see here the color coding. Most, in most cases, okay, here's the third one, the application. Application funnel looks like this. You've got your sales asset, which is usually a case study. Okay, case study. Then once they're like, oh, this is awesome. Like, I'm interested. It pops up, right? Ask for name and phone number. Then it takes them to an application like, hey, fill out the application. And then we get to the cart assets, which happen on the phone, right? Which is a schedule page. Get them on the phone and then you place the order. And then maybe you have a member's area. If it's coaching, maybe you don't. Maybe it's all just verbally over the phone. And then you'll see your traffic assets and your follow-up assets is here as well. The last two types are the lead magnet funnel. Okay, super, super tiny. The lead magnet funnel does not have a cart asset. That is the key difference between all the other funnel types and the lead magnet. Is the lead magnet is lacking in the cart because there's no money exchange. Okay, so that's important to... Other one that was in here. And I wanted to give you... This is basically what a VSL is. It's a sales page, big, long sales page, but it has a video at the top, a video demo. This might be the type of page that you would use if you were selling a SaaS product as well. And then you can see all the different things. So that's what you're going to get today. And that's going to help you, plus with the slides and the training. That's what's going to help you figure out what's going to happen. What's my model? What level of the value ladder am I working on? Because that's sort of like... I don't want you to think about a funnel in a vacuum or a black hole. And I think that's what a lot of people do, is that they get super excited about funnels. And then they're like, oh, I'm going to build a funnel. And some of us do this, and it's okay if you do this. It's not the end of the world, but then you build a funnel, and then it works. And you're like, oh, I have a funnel. You don't really have a company yet. You have a funnel. And so then you have to be like, okay, well, where is this in the context of my business? And if you had asked Allie, like Allie is in my mastermind, if you had asked her when she was doing her funnel that was making so much money, that was her only funnel. But then she had to figure out where does that funnel fit in the value ladder of my entire info product company. And that was the thing that she had to come to grips with about this. And I know a lot of you guys are asking about how to ascend people, and we can talk about that. But I want to get to your questions first. Hold on, let me just take a drink of water, a drink of tea. Okay, so we've got a couple of questions here. Okay, Natalia's question is first. She says, would an intensive workshop be excite or establish? I think it's establish, especially for an agency, because it is the entry point to custom work. You don't typically do an intensive just for the heck of it. You're doing it as part of the funnel to sell the custom work. That's why I would put it at the established level. Can you go over price points for the established level? It all depends on the business model. So let me just, I'm going to just share, I feel like I want to share slides so that you guys can sort of have a grid. Okay, so let me go down to, okay, info product. At this established level, usually, especially if it's business to business, it's $500 or more, usually. Sometimes it could be $300 or more. If you're in an info product space where you're not selling B2B, you're selling to customers, for example, parenting, your establish might be a $97 parenting course. You might launch it once a year and it might be your big signature parenting course. And it's $97 or maybe it's $147 and you launch it and you do a webinar in the whole nine yards. And what you sell the rest of the year is, you know, $15, $20, $25 products. Okay, so that's for that. If you're in the e-commerce space, your established level is probably, you could have products that are $3 or $4 or $5. It's more about volume, right? Volume and how big your cart gets. The agency level, this is going to be expensive. It's going to be over $1,000, usually, especially for the custom work. At the local level, this is going to vary wildly from a dinner at a restaurant to a haircut, to a chiropractic adjustment, to an accountant doing taxes, right? That's all over the map. Coaching, whether it's a group or an individual, it's usually going to be over $1,000, not always. And with the SaaS company, it's not actually that expensive, but because it's recurring, you actually need more selling power, right? Even though ClickFunnels is only $97 a month, he needs the selling power of the pressure, the presentation, or the person, because people are imagining using it over the course of a year, so that he's actually selling a product that's over $1,000. Okay, hope that answers your question. All right, so this is a related question. Karen says, would you attach specific price points to each stage? My highest point for my perfumery courses is $1,000, so would that keep it in established? So I'm assuming, Karen, that you are an info product business, is that correct? And I think that there are general guidelines, of course. However, it's also in the context of your value ladder, right? If you have a $27 offer and a $25,000 offer, you're going to have to create some gap, like you're going to have to help people bridge the gap. So if your highest price point for your perfumery courses is $999, I would ask you a whole bunch of questions about what other courses do you have, what other price points do you have to see it, because if that's the highest, and that's the thing that, only a few of your customers actually get to, then it would probably be your elevate, and then maybe your established would be something else. But if you said to me, no, this is what I do, this is my flag. Remember, go back to this question again. This is where I'm planting my flag. I teach perfumery. This is my expertise. Then it's core, it's established. And you can totally have established programs that are $1,000. In fact, that's very, very, very common in the info product space. So I wouldn't blink an eye at that. Could the SLO be a giveaway contest? Well, so typically an SLO, I'm assuming you're in an info product space, maybe not, means that you're actually selling something. So if you're doing a giveaway that's something free, I would say that there are totally conditions under which you would do a lead magnet. So maybe I should have, I guess that's a good point, you can always at any time have here, a lead magnet funnel at any business, any level. Like, I mean, that is sort of the, the 101 of online marketing is list building. So you could have a lead funnel in any single one of these business models without fail. And a giveaway contest would be what I would consider a lead funnel. Nicole's asking a great question. She says, can you start at establish if you are an expert but have no social proof? Yes, you can. It's harder, but you can. You may, it may take a while to get some traction. So just expect that it's going to feel very much like you're rolling the boulder uphill for quite a while. And the minute you get your first great testimony on a case study, put that right on the sales page, or you put that right in the webinar, and now the ball gets a little easier to roll, and then you get your second one, and now it gets easier, and then you can just throw it around. And pretty soon you have so much social proof. At some point you hit a threshold, and then that boulder goes downhill. And so, yes, if you are an expert but have no social proof, you can. But what you have to do is usually you have to rely on the social proof of the market in general. So let's say I am not an expert in sales funnels, and I'm trying to sell something on sales funnels. I would have to start by saying, here are the statistics about what sales funnels do. Right? That's the social proof that the mechanism is legit. And then I would have to establish proof that I'm trustworthy. And I'm trustworthy. And I'm trustworthy, and this is what I have done, right, in terms of ethics and integrity. And that's kind of how you have to start if you have no social proof. The other option is to give it away to a couple people in exchange for testimonials with the express purpose of getting social proof so that you can then turn around and add it to your funnel. And by the way, I'm going to show you a preview of next week, because next week we're really going to go kind of granular into the pages of the funnel, and exactly what has to be on each page and testimonials become a huge part of that. Okay. Loni has a question. I think that's how you say your name. She says, what if you're a combination, for example, I have an e-commerce shop, but I also have coaching and one-on-one services. Okay. So what I would say is you'd have to start with what are you mostly, and ask yourself that question, right? Julie, I see your comments in the chat. Can you add them to the Q&A so I don't skip them? I'm afraid I'm going to miss it. What are you mainly? And if you're mainly an e-commerce store, then what I would say is your e-commerce is your established and your elevate is where you offer coaching and one-on-one. I'm assuming it's related to your e-commerce store. If it's not, if it's two completely different businesses, then it would be an e-commerce value ladder and an info and a coaching value ladder. But okay, you're saying yes, it is. So then your one-on-one coaching is probably more expensive than the average thing in your shop. So that would be your elevate level and your e-commerce would be your established level. Okay. Okay. So Sabrina was giving an example of a local business client, a restaurant. So that's getting them into the restaurant. Is there established level? She's doing a lead magnet. I'm going to finally change this to LF here. Is to sign up for the birthday club and then she is doing an SLO to try to get them to buy gift cards for the restaurant. So that would be an example of how you might use an SLO in the local business. Thank you for that. Okay. And so a lot of times the question is like in the example I see Sabrina, your question here, would we move higher or would it be another new funnel offer to create? A lot of times people are asking themselves like, do I create a new funnel or a new offer? Whenever you're asking yourself that question, you need to look at your business model and your value ladder. If you already have an established and you already have an elevate, unless you're upending it, unless you're making a pivot, right? Pivots in business usually mean the disruption of the established or the elevate level. That's what a business pivot does. Is it is it messes up this part? Sometimes it needs to. But if you're not making a pivot in business and you're established and your elevate are kind of are dialed in, then any new funnel or offer really is going to happen at the excite level. Because the excite level is usually where the bulk of the funnels are happening. Once in a while, it's way less than people think it is. There might be sort of an add-on or a tertiary or secondary or tertiary funnel that sort of complements, establish and elevate. But I say that with a ton of disclaimers because a lot of times what happens is people just like to build stuff and then they mess up their value ladder. Now, I'm going to say that it takes quite a bit of time to actually establish a value ladder. It can take up to three, four, five years to establish a value ladder, which means in year one and year two of business and maybe even in year three, your value ladder is going to be kind of gummy bearish. It's going to be kind of fluid. It's not going to always be exactly right. And even if you look at Funnel Gorgeous, the brand, we launched just like I teach people. We launched our established, right? We launched our Funnel Gorgeous course. And then we went down to the excite level like I teach and we started offering drops. But what we watched is the market really loved the drops. And so what happened is really we pivoted into an e-commerce brand. And now we're working on developing a storefront because we're like, wow, actually the thing that like people keep coming back and back and back again are these design templates. And so we've got offer cure down here as an SLO funnel. We're building our storefront. And then we've got our high end. We've got Launch Gorgeous and some of our high end courses up here. And we've got an R event. And so it's a different business model. If we were purely info product, if we had stayed purely info product, we'd probably have Launch Gorgeous as our elevate. We'd probably blend our Funnel Gorgeous and Webinar Gorgeous into a bundle and make that our established with a bunch of templates. And then we'd probably just have a couple of templates and offer cure down here. But we pivoted into this type of business, into this type of value ladder. And so it sort of shifts. So don't feel upset if like your value ladder is kind of wiggly. You might have a wiggly value ladder if you're pivoting or you're watching how the market is responding. And that's totally normal and fine. Pivoting once you're three, four years in and you're really established can be really complicated. Okay. So if you are in network marketing, do you use two different funnels for the product and for attracting reps? If yes, which funnel do we use for the ladder? Okay. So then a bunch of you are wondering, why didn't I put affiliate marketing or network marketing in this presentation? And that is because I believe that for an affiliate standpoint, the best affiliates are affiliates that have their own, either info product, e-commerce, coaching, they have their own business and their affiliate offers sort of revolve around that. So I would rather talk about, hey, how does affiliate marketing add additional revenue streams into your info product business? With network marketing, it's a similar thing. You are selling for somebody else's value ladder, right? If you have your own business, your own info product business, your own coaching business, your own agency, and you use network marketing as a way to add additional revenue streams to your business. But just as, and I'm not saying that like, you can't just be a network marketer, but I didn't really want to focus on that because really you're selling for somebody else's value ladder, right? That's ultimately what's happening. So, but to answer your question, just frankly, yes, you would have to use different funnels for the product versus builders, right? So you have, the thing is, another thing with network marketing is you have two customers. You have consumers and builders. And the consumers are the people who buy the product and builders are the people who want to join So typically what I would say is for, if you were going to build a value ladder for builders, I would do something like this where you, you're established is actually like a webinar. And you get them to join your team. You could possibly do an SLO with info products on building a network marketing business. But again, what happens when you do that, when you create your own products, you become an info product business, in which case I would follow this method. That makes sense. All right, Julie's question. So I can make my established one on one coaching and then later make that my, hold on, let me move to coaching. Here we go. I can make my established level, my one on one coaching and then later make that my excite level and create a group program that becomes my establish. Yes. So Julie, what you would do is you would work on one on one, you dial that in, you'd get that going. And then at some point you'd switch, you'd no longer want to do one on one, you want to do it to a group program. In that case, it's more of a swap out because my, my guess is that you're trying to do away with one on one. So the only thing would be is if you were like, no, I don't want to do away with it. I just want to do it less. You'd stick the one on one up and elevate. If you don't want to do it at all, you just get rid of it. And then your group coaching would be your established and then you go build your SLO funnels for your site. Yes. Correct. Okay. Um, how often should you do a webinar for the established level if you're offering coaching and doing them live and not on evergreen? I mean, that depends on how much lead flow you want. Um, you know, a lot of people do weekly live webinars once a week. That's a lot. It takes a lot of effort and energy, but you can do it. If you get enough people on the webinar and you get clients, then you can go to once a month. I typically, I really like, and so let's just go back here for a second. I want to talk about the application at the elevate level. And by the way, you can, you can swap these out. It doesn't have to be like, I put here for the established level, a webinar funnel, and for the elevate level and application funnel, but it's not, you don't have to. You can just look here at, um, um, Oh yeah, here where I said that you can do either webinar or application. Okay. But so I'd go over here and I'd look and I'd ask myself this question. Julie, do I want to spend my time doing, um, a webinar, right? To get clients or do I want to spend my time creating an application funnel and then spend all my time on traffic? Because there is some value in the fact that if you're doing live webinars every week or every month, it can be, it can be kind of exhausting. And then you don't necessarily have as much time for traffic, right? And you get overwhelmed or you're just like, Oh, I'm going to do this webinar, but I don't have a lot of people attending the webinar. In which case I'm like, why not just build an application funnel and then spend all of your energy using as many traffic resources to get your name out there and then get people into your application funnel. Right. So like if you look here at, um, established, right, then I can do ads. I can do my email list. I can have a Facebook group. I can do organic Instagram stories. I can do Pinterest. I can go on the podcast circuit. I can try to get some PR. I can do some blogging. I can go to events and then you're spending your time with the machine that's the most dynamic rather than spending your time on a machine that you're making dynamic. That doesn't really have to be dynamic. Like you can ever green out. You see what I'm saying? So sometimes I'm like, you got to give me a good reason that you would do that to yourself. That's basically what I'm getting at. Okay. Nicole says for an SLO for a Cairo in excite. All right. So let's go to local. Okay. Um, eventually leading to a high ticket treatment, would you rather do a free screening or a discounted initial exam doesn't either look cheap in view of the premium treatment? I don't do a lot of digital marketing for chiropractor. So I'm not sure that I'm the best person to answer this question. However, um, a free screening would be a lead funnel right here. Um, you'd have to, you know, make sure that you have a good email sequence. So we didn't, we didn't talk about this yet, but we will. This is the ascension how you pull them from one level value ladder to the next. Um, a discounted initial exam will get a higher quality customer, right? It'll get a higher quality lead. They're already invested, which means it's way more likely they're going to go into your office versus just a free screening, right? So your ascension will have to be as, as difficult, but it definitely will have to be, um, dialed in for the lead funnel. Whereas your leads will come in fast and furiously if they're not going to come in as fast and furiously as possible. But the whole thing about the premium treatment, that all comes down to how good the Cairo is in the actual office selling them that, right? I think it's going to be harder to sell people off of a free screening than it will be an initial exam because you're, you're demanding in, uh, an SLO that people actually put their credit card down. So you're going to get a higher quality customer, but it might also be harder to convert. So you got to test it, which is kind of why there's both there. Because I think that most businesses, established businesses need multiple excite funnels. That's where a lot of the work is. And then keep in mind all the traffic we have. And you know, this isn't really, this isn't a course on traffic, but like traffic is where, um, where a lot of the, the muscle and grit is at because that's where you're actually finding people to, you know, fall into these models. Okay. All right. So, um, coming up, I'm going to give you guys the slides. I'm going to obviously give you the recording. I'm going to give you the blueprint so that you can start to map out, um, which one you'll be working on, which, but I think the point of this was to number one, solve the problem of what funneled for me. Number two, solve the problem of you guys, um, building funnels in a vacuum without necessarily understanding kind of where they are. Um, next week is module three and it's called the periodic table of funnel elements. It will be very important for you guys if you haven't done offer cure yet to at least do workshop two of offer cure. And here's why I just want to give you, um, a little, little taste of what we're doing next week because next week we're going to talk about the selling asset, right? And this, you'll probably remember this, um, if you've done workshop two, we're going to talk about a sales page because it's the most involved and we're actually going to go through all of the little things that I want to see at every point in this section, right? Every single point, we're going to talk about design and copy and what you want at which point and I'm going to actually give you checklists. And I think I've got, yeah, I've got the whole, all the checklist ready to go of all the different things. Check, check, check. But it would be really important for you guys to at least have seen module two of the offer cure to understand why and how copy really drives the selling asset. And so we're going to focus a lot on the selling asset and the cart asset next week because those are the two pieces. Um, this isn't a course on traffic, so I'm not going to focus on traffic, um, for this particular course. So we're going to dial in, literally you'll go through your sales asset and be like, do I have this? Do I have this? Do I have this? Do I have this? Um, and so that's what next week is about. But hopefully between last week and this week, you have now have a real high level strategic, I know what to build, where to build it, and the fact that I can choose what tools and processes that I want. So unless you guys have any last questions about this particular module, I will see you next week. All right, you guys are amazing. Your questions are awesome. Your engagement. I really appreciate it. I'm, I'm really loving this course and I hope you are too. All right, talk to you soon guys. Bye.