 Hello, hello. Good morning, everybody. This is module three of the funnel rx program. How are you guys? I see a bunch of you popping on. Okay. Give me one hot minute. You guys can hear me okay and all that good stuff. I'm just pulling various sheets all around. I'm so excited about today. This is one of my favorite things to teach on what I'm about to teach on. And I actually taught the module last week to my digital insiders. Oh, that's awesome. And they loved it. They loved it and it's been super helpful. So I'm very excited to share it with you today. I'm excited to share it with you. I'm excited to share it with you today. But before we just dive right in, I just kind of want it for the purpose of the storyline of all the modules since we're doing them live. In week one, we really identified sort of the baseline foundation of funnels. We talked about the three things that you need to make a funnel profitable, which is ears, stability, positioning and trust. And we do that through the combination of good copy, good quality, good quality. And so in module two, we took the funnel and we placed it in the context of the entire value ladder because so many people asked the question. But what funnel should I do? And so I was trying to. Sort of. Like answer that question once and for all by talking about the three levels of the value ladder, the excite level, the established level and the elevate level. And so that was a quick question. I think we have one more question. I'm going to go back to the slide and I'm going to zoom back in. And now we're going to say, all right, let's, you know, let's say you understand a great copy, great offer, great design. You've done the offer cure. You've got a good idea for an offer. You've got the sales copy. You know which part of the funnel of the value ladder you're working on. You've got a funnel idea. Okay. And then we're going to say, we're going to look at the elements that are in the list. They're just in the page, what they do, why they're there. And, um, we're going to give you just checklists to make sure that all of those pieces. So I'm at the point now in my. Private mastermind where, when people submit funnels for me. To review. I'm asking the question, goal marketing reason. Okay. Good morning, morning all you guys. Okay, so let me just share my screen here. All right, and as per usual, if you can make sure to go ahead and drop questions in the Q&A box, make sure you give context for your questions so I'm not like all over the place on, because sometimes you guys ask questions and I'm like 30 minutes later down the road and I just need the context. Okay, so hold on one other thing I want to do. Okay. So I'm calling it, I'm calling it the periodic table of funnel elements because in my quest to be platform independent, I wanted to sort of break down when we're talking about the actual funnel itself, the elements on the page, whether we use cartra or click funnels or word print, whatever you use for that asset, right? Remember, we've got five assets cart or sales asset cart asset delivery asset traffic and follow up whatever you're using, you need these elements. And so what I want to really focus on today is the most important asset in any funnel, the one that like you really should be paying careful attention to and that is the sales asset. What are the funnel elements that need to be on every sales asset? Okay, so we're going to talk about two types of sales assets today. This is most of what you will use. In fact, yeah, most of what you'll use a sales page. Now a sales page can be a long form sales page, it can be a short form sales page, it can be a case study sales page, it can be a video letter sales page, they're all just sales pages, right? Some have videos at the top, some don't, some are shorter, some are longer, but at the end of the day, it's the selling asset. The other type of sales asset we most commonly use is a registration page and that usually leads to a webinar, a masterclass, a workshop. And we're not going to discuss the actual webinar presentation in this particular course since webinar gorgeous goes through it quite in depth, the actual presentation itself, but we will talk about the registration page because that is a sales asset as well. Okay, do you remember this? If you guys have done offer cure, you would remember this from workshop two and this is when I sort of walk through how to write sales copy for your offer, right? Workshop one, you create the offer, workshop two, you write the copy. If you have not watched that workshop, I would go back and watch that, but you can still totally follow along. This is the basic anatomy of a sales page and what I'm going to do is go section by section through each one of these things and show you the elements that I want to see in each section from a design structure standpoint. These little, by the way, these little purple things in the offer cure represent a couple things. When it's at the top of the page, it references social proof, right? We sprinkle social proof. When it's below the announcement of the offer, right? Like get offer cure, then it's social proof and what we call a stack, which I'll go into. So that's sort of what those purple dots represent if you haven't seen the workshop. Okay, so let's begin. What makes a great sales asset? I'm going to give you this entire checklist. It's on a spreadsheet. I've got all the elements and we're going to go through every single one of these things here today to make sure you understand what I mean when I say that thing. So from now on, you have the lingo and you know what it is. Okay, all right, so we are going to start with the very top of that graphic I showed you from offer cure. Optional announcement one. Now, why do I say that it's optional? The reason is because some sales letters just start with a headline, talk about the problem, talk about the solution, announce the offer and go on. But in some sales pages, it makes sense to have what I call a snapshot announcement. This is basically before the sales letter starts. We have this announcement area. I love to do this on low ticket funnels. So on the SLO funnels down at the excite level, I love to do this area. You can also do it at the established level or the elevate level. But the idea is that without scrolling too much, the prospect is able to get five key pieces of information before the sales letter starts. So what are those five key pieces of information? Number one, credibility. Okay, some visual representation of credibility. It could be a social proof like a testimonial. It could be a title or some like prestigious thing you have across your name or it could be a social proof banner. And as you can see at the top of offer as seen on these magazines that I've been featured in, it's literally just a visual, hey, you can trust me. And I look for this kind of stuff all the time when I'm clicking on ads and moving on to sales page. So that's the first thing. Second thing, headline, which everybody knows you need a big headline that's going to grab their attention. When we talk about hook, this is oftentimes where the hook is. It's that sort of pattern interrupt of like, oh, yeah, I do want to know. Number three is the tagline or the result, right? Or you say what it is, right? OfferCure is a power packed workshop series and digital asset bundle that will, what is the result? Okay. You need a show, don't tell. And typically you could do one or two things here, you can do a product mockup shop, or you can do a video. And so you'll see a lot of, you know, if you go to expertssecrets.com, for example, at the announcement level, because they do have an optional announcement at the top, he has a video. We didn't have a video for this. So we chose to use a product mockup shop. And then a call to action, which is right here, get instant access to offer cure with an arrow. If this is a two step, you will also have your cart asset right at the top. If you do not have a two step, so if you are either running a big long sales page at the, at the established level of the value ladder, you're using a different type of funnel, or you just don't want to use a two step, you should definitely have what I call a scrolly button. And the button allows you to click, and it allows them to go all the way down to the page and see the stack. Okay. So those are the five things that I want to see at the announcement level. And as you can see, there are, there's a little bit of flexibility, but overall you want those five components, the credibility, the headline, the tagline, the show, don't tell, and the call to action in that first snapshot. Okay. Second, we're going to talk about this is the hardest part of the sales copy to write. And I wanted to kind of break down from a design standpoint to give you some ideas of how you can do it. These five sections, in fact, in offer cure, go back to offer cure. When I talk about the sales asset, I actually tell you to start midway through the page, right? That's my whole theory is start with the announcement, the features, the benefits, the guarantee, all that stuff, and then go back and write these five things. So there is a ton of flexibility in terms of layout and design. So don't get stuck on one particular format, but I'm going to show you in offer cure how we did this. Okay. So once you, once you get through that announcement area, you're going to need another headline, right? And this is sort of the headline that's that pulls people into the letter itself, the sales letter itself. Notice our headline was kind of a play on an email. So it doesn't have to be a traditional headline. And visually, you can see that we created a design to make make it look like it was something coming in your inbox, right? Little badge notification, a little picture of the email, date, who it's from with a little bit of like humor in there to catch people's attention. And we also then grabbed, we did a second headline that sort of pulls people down the page. So you could do just another big headline or you could do something like from the desk of that's a very common thing to do. You don't have to, you can make it like an actual letter. Then we go into the problem. Okay, so we say there's a big problem in the education market right now. Three big problems. What I would say from a structural standpoint is when you are identifying the problem, you want them to be able to spot the problem on the page pretty easily. If you tuck the problem in big long chunks of paragraph copy, it's going to be hard for people to like sink their teeth on what the problem is. So you can see from a design perspective, we highlighted like problem number one, problem number two, problem number three. Okay, so people can pick it out. Not only that, but we also bolded and underlined the words that we want people to draw their eyes to, right? Real true experts. And if they're an expert, they're therapist or whatever they are, and they're trying to sell something, they're like, oh, I'm a real true expert are struggling because while they know their field, they don't understand online marketing. Okay, so that's the problem. Problem number two, the ones that do understand, many people are using it unethically, right? There's the problem. Crappy courses and programs is the second problem. And the third problem is offer gurus, right? You're so bogged down with theory. So if all you did was read the bold and the headlines, you would start to catch the idea of the problem. You don't, people need to know what the problem is in order to have an agitation to buy. Okay, so that's what you'll see here in this design. So I'm going to keep going. You can see we continued to talk about the problem a little bit, right? And if you go back here, you can see how many of you can relate to one of these two scenarios. So we identify the problems, and then we continued to help them say, oh, yes, me, you're getting them to raise their hand, right? And this again, with the really big numbers, the lots and lots of white space, the pink text versus the black text is helping draw their eye to say, oh, okay, I'm number one, right? I'm an expert, but it's lying off the shelves, or nope, I'm number two, I'm procrastinating because I'm just overwhelmed and I don't know what to build. Okay, then we move into the third part of this sales letter, which is the solution, okay? And a big yes, a big kind of notification from a graphic standpoint, yes, raise your hand, there is a solution, and we used bullets. Notice how little paragraph there is in the problem, headline problem and solution. As much as humanly possible in your design, do not use paragraphs. Use design elements, graphics, whatever you have to do, even if it means having to like duplicate sections and add design elements to keep people reading over and over and over again, okay? All right, so one thing that I notice a lot of people do in sales copy is they say the solution is the course or the solution is the offer, and no, that's not the part of the sales page, that's the solution. The solution is your unique selling proposition, right? Your unique methodology. Every single time you write a sales letter, you want to have the problem, right? And then you want the solution to be something that you can actually talk about on the sales page. The solution is not your course, the solution is the method. How you deploy that method is the course, but the solute, you want to actually give them a solution. I see a lot of people write sales letters where they're like problem, problem, problem, ta-da, the course is the answer. That's not what you want to do. In funnel gorgeous, on the funnel gorgeous sales page, the solution to not understanding design was the story blocking method. In offer cure, the solution to offer overwhelm is the three simple golden rules. That's the stuff that you can talk about right on the sales page, you can use it in your ads everywhere. So you want to have your unique selling proposition, okay? That's important to have on the sales page. So you can see, we say, we have three simple golden rules we use whenever we build a new product, right? We need irresistibility, we need a great name, tagline, and result, and we need beautiful visuals, okay? And then we talk about why that matters. If you can wrap your expertise using these rules, you can take yourself to market with reasonable assurance that you will have something that rocks your customers socks off, okay? Very important to add solution. And now it was so funny as I was building these slides, I was tempted to like hide the fact that something was missing on our sales page from my own checklist, but there was. So we'll get to that in a second. Report. This would be the point at which you would showcase yourself and say, this is how I came to that solution. And I realized in making this presentation that there's no rapport section on offer cure, which is crazy pants, but we also have a lot of brand authority and recognition. So, you know, we managed to get away with it. But I just thought I would point out, even with my checklist, I made an error. But I did want to show you kind of a sample rapport section from a different sales page we had. You can do the rapport section two ways. The first way is to sort of just do kind of like a snapshot bio. The other way is to talk about your story and how you discovered this solution. That would be another way to create rapport. But remember, be careful when you do too many paragraphs. The first thing is you should figure out how to copy design those paragraphs, add bolds, add underlines, use spacing, right? When you see those email marketers that do like one sentence emails all the way down, they're doing that for a reason. It's easier for the eye. Okay. So we were missing rapport, but these are the five sections that happen. So you got the screenshot, you got the optional announcement area that have those five things, then you have headline problem solution, meaning rapport. Then you come to the part of the page that typically when you're writing sales copy, you write first. This is the announcement. So you have a problem. The solution is the three golden rules. How do you get those three golden rules out the door? Well, announcement two. Now I want to point out a couple things about this announcement section. We don't even have product mock-up shots on our announcement section. When I went back through this, I was like, huh, we probably should have product mock-up shots there. But the good news is that we are proof that even if you just have a course logo, you can get away with just a course logo. But now that you have offer cure, you should probably have product mock-up shots. But you can see here, there's always a little bit of what I would call like a transition, right? You go from all of that stuff into that's why we're proud to introduce or enter the quick fix or whatever that sort of transition piece is to announce the offer. Now this is the how of the what. Whatever the what solution is, this is now the how. Okay. So you can see here on the webinar gorgeous sales page, designing conversion or not at odds with each other, they work together to create magic. That's why we're so proud to introduce webinar gorgeous. The announcement two has to have some splash. Usually in the form of a logo, I would also say a product mock-up shot and a tagline. Again, the same tagline that you use at the top, you want it down here. Now you can also add another scrolly button. Remember what I talked about there? The scrolly button that sort of zooms all the way down to the bottom of the page. I see Vidya asking a question. A lot of this can be worked into a webinar presentation. Yes, although I do recommend webinar gorgeous because it's there are certain slides that have different purposes to them than others. But if you were making a sales page for a webinar funnel, this would totally all be relevant. Okay. So oh, another thing I want to show you. In some cases, you need to kind of give a little explain. We actually decided to explain to people why we were calling it the offer cure because we knew we were coming out into a space that was crowded. We knew that there were lots of people selling stuff like this. So how it was part of our methodology. So we added this little extra section here, which is we decided to call it a cure because there's so many of you feeling like you're drowning, you're sick of master classes and blah, blah, blah. In spite you don't have it off the ground. You don't need more information. You need the right information in the right sequence. And so that was part of our unique selling prop. In theory, we probably could have done it over here too in the solution. But we added this at the last minute and from the design standpoint, that's why I fell down there. This is more typical of an announcement to the bridge, the logo, the tagline, and a scrolling button. Okay. Then we go into benefits and features or features and benefits depending on how you do it. So here's where I want to talk. This is incredibly important. Is very, very powerful. Just looking here. Oh yeah, copy cure, Marie Forleo's thing, amazing expression. Yeah, she, we came up with the name for offer cure and we were nervous. We were at first we're like, oh my gosh, hope Marie doesn't think we're stealing that word. It was in a different enough space that we figured it was, it wasn't going to be a problem. Okay, features and benefits. This is what a feature looks like. And I want to talk about all of these key points because it's so incredibly important. Oh wait, hold on. Okay. First of all, for every feature, you need some sort of identifying number heads, some visual that's like one or a or or phase one or start whatever it happens to be. I want to see visualization of the feature. Okay. So even if it's just a simple number one in a circle, notice how much copy design is being done here. Now, obviously you don't have to be this elaborate, but there are important pieces. First of all, titling phases, steps, modules, workshop, whatever you can do to create numerical sequencing in that will be very good. Don't just like write a sentence of like offer creation formula. Notice how it's like number one, workshop one, the offer creation formula. Okay. Notice how there's different design on the workshop one versus the the actual title. Then you have the description. And then this is so important, you guys, if you can figure out how to work this into your sales copy, either use the phrase come away with or what will work on. So by the time you have looked at this, you know, it's the first thing you know what it is. And you know what you're going to have done by the time you get out of it. Okay. So then you see here, it says super bonus plug and play template. So we had a visual so that people could see what it looks like. Great question. Let's see. Samantha says, I spent so long looking for training. This is the only one that actually teaches it. Thank you properly and succinctly. I was going for succinctly. Midia, do you have a minimalist sales page elements or should every sales page contain all of these elements? I understand you mentioned you got away without some of them in your own pages, but but you have brand authority and others don't have it. So we're going to kind of go into this a little bit more next week. But typically, the first thing I do when I'm optimizing is make sure I have all these elements. So if they're not all on the page, I do what I can to like add go through this list and see, well, how can we make that better? You know what I mean? It ends up becoming actually an optimization checklist if you launch without all of it. I mean, in theory, in an ideal world, it'd be nice to have all of it. So look at that visual number, a title to give them sort of like a map, the title of what the thing is, the description of what the thing is, the what we'll work on, what we'll come away with, the picture, and if you have any bonuses. But this is kind of a unique way that we display bonuses. Typically, I say, do all of the features and then do all the bonuses. Speaking of bonuses, you can see that from a design perspective, the bonuses didn't have quite as much as the actual workshop. You can see again, look at the visual representation of, you know, sort of the sequencing, the title, the description, and then we used product mockup shots. Okay. And so this is where we did the benefits. Okay. And this was our key, key benefit, that you are not going to waste time creating stuff that you'll never use. And so that was our number one benefit because there was a lot of other competition out there. And I didn't want people to buy this and then have it sit on the shelf and then not use it. And I wanted people to get their offer done more quickly. And so this was the solution as we were building it. Okay. So once you go through features and benefits, now you get to introduce the stack. Now, some of our older funnel drops don't have stack images. They have pricing boxes because, to be fair, I used to use pricing boxes all the time. I've since moved on to the stack. All of our newer drops have stacks. If you have any drops, some new and old ones, and you can mix and match and add the stack section in, you should. Stack is critical. Stack is basically another, like, visual summary of the snapshot of the offer. And I don't watch any sales page without it now. And I really got into the groove of that working for Russell at Cliff Funnels because he was always like, where's the stack? Where's the stack? Where it came from was in webinar presentations, there was always a stack at the end of the webinar. And then we started to use stacks even in all types of offers, not just webinars. Okay. So here are the rules about stack from a visual element perspective. Number one, make sure it looks exactly the same at every spot. There is a reason that when we're, you know, no matter where we are in the world, if we see the golden arches, we know that it's McDonald's. Okay. It's the same in every spot. Even if the language underneath the golden arches looks different. We want people to understand this is the place where you make the decision to buy. Okay. So make sure it looks the same. Don't get fancy on your design and try to make it look different. Number two, it should have all of the values, the values that are next to the title. So you can see here we have a little icon, we have a title, and then we have the value. Okay. A lot of people forget to do the value. By the way, just like a legal side point, try not to make your values so ridiculous because from a FTC standpoint, you need to be able to prove that you could sell this at the value rate or that there are competitors selling something similar at that rate. And if you can make one of those two things be true, then your value is okay. If your value, if you're like, oh, well the offer creation formula is going to help you make $25,000, which actually Chris Bonetti just private messaged me and said, you know, he had, he just crushed his membership all star 50 program using offer cure. I could sit here and be like, oh, valued at 25k, but I'm never going to sell it for 25k. Okay. The next thing you need is a call to action, which is the copy that goes on the button itself, then a price anchor, which is the total value. And then you can also add another one, which is not on here, but sometimes you can do total value, regular price, today's price. Okay. And that sort of anchors the price. A photo for the love of God, please put a graphic in there, a button, an actual button that they click over to either, if it's on a two step, the button scrolls them back up or the button takes them to the order form and credit card credit card images. The reason is because that is another visual cue that this is where the, this is where the sale happens. So you want this to happen at every spot. Typically, I recommend that the stack goes in at least three times in a long form sales page. You might actually want to put it more, but I'm just going to pop out of here so I can show you. I recommend that you put it right after the features and benefits. Another time after either urgency or FAQ and then again at the very, very bottom of the page. Find where I was here. Okay. All right. So that's the next thing you need to stack. Then a guarantee. A guarantee needs a visual graphic and text. Okay, both. Don't just do text. Don't just do a visual because the visual doesn't actually explain what your guarantee is. So look at the copy design here. This is the part we know that if they're going to skim, if you're not 100% satisfied with the course, the templates or the extras after seven days, we'll offer you a full refund for any reason. Another legal side note, our lawyer told us that no questions asked would trap us from ever asking anybody a question as to why they got a refund, which wouldn't be helpful for us because we want to know why people refund. So we changed it for any reason. And then we have a little description above and below. Okay, urgency. This was another thing that was missing on our page except sort of hidden. But typically urgency is like limited time or limited amounts on a lot of our pages. Like you're about to see on all of our Black Friday sales, there's going to be timers showing that this is going to run out. The hardest type of funnel to create urgency on is the SLO funnel, which is offer cure. There are some ways to do it. You can have a timer that runs out and then redirects to a different price. But I find that that can create a lot of pain on the ads because people will comment and complain. And so webinars, it's easy to create urgency because you can just create a 96-hour deadline funnel and then the offer expires. And that's it. Launches are super easy to have urgency because they're set point in time. SLOs are tricky. So I basically said, okay, where could I find any urgency on the page? And I think the sense of urgency was how much faster could you be out the door by now? And that was the only spot on the page that I could identify it. I guess what this does also say is that with enough irresistibility and on a low ticket offer, even if your urgency isn't crazy, you can still make a lot of money. But for any higher ticket program, if you don't build in scarcity and urgency on some level, you're going to really struggle to sell. Okay, so let's see. I'm just going to look here at the chat before I keep running on. Okay, Michelle says, in the workshop, is the title an image graphic or just the text? I believe it's just the text headline box. I think so. But I'd have to actually go into the code and check. Are stacks needed when selling membership communities or can we just use the pricing table? What I would say, Michelle, is if your offer is selling fine, of course, lots of people use pricing tables, that's fine. If you're trying to optimize, I would split test what a stack would do because a stack might actually drive up conversions. The question here about do you believe in fake urgency? No, I don't. Have I used it? Yes. I try not to use it. But there have been times when I have. So I'm working towards never using it, never faking any urgency. But I know that I'm not perfect, but I do my best. So this would be a perfect example. So launch gorgeous. We did that big launch with Pete's Stacia Scale. We said this is the lowest it's going to be. That's true because we know we're going to sell it as a coaching program for about 3000 next year. And then we really wanted people to buy in that time period because we had a lot of marketing strategy involved with linking up. But we also knew that people then at the end were like, well, I didn't get in. I want to get in. So we decided that we're going to open up for Black Friday. So could somebody nitpick and say, well, I thought you said it wasn't going to open until spring and now you're opening it. And we'd be like, yeah, you know what busted. At the same time, we also know that we are honoring all of our customers. So basically, we're going to open launch gorgeous for four days for Black Friday. We added some new bonuses, and we just sent an email out yesterday to everyone on the launch gorgeous list and said, hey, we're opening up for four days. We're giving them the exact same pricing you got, but we're going to also give you all the bonuses that they had. And we just like loaded it up for them. And so that's our way of being like, hey, we're opening it again, but we're going to honor this. You do the best you can. Samantha says, you guys show how much you can get away when you fail to try who loves you. It's true. A great offer, a good reputation, great trust goes a long way. Thank you for being extra honest. Okay, I'm going to get to all of the questions in the Q&A box here in a second. I see them. Don't worry, I'm not forgetting you guys. Okay, FAQ, this is the next part of the asset. Frequently asked questions. This is the logical buyer. Now in module two of OfferCure, we gave you a whole crap ton of questions that you can just use, right? And you can just switch. We have a frequently asked question in all of our funnel drops now. So you can just leverage it, but you can see again, a little bit of copy difference, design difference, so people can sort of really identify which one's the question and which one's the answer. Again, we like to use bold wherever possible so that we can draw attention to the eyes if they are skimming. And then the last, I think this is the last, is the closing. Sometimes it's really fun to do a surprise bonus at the very end for people who get all the way down the page. We added a testimonial right at the bottom, real design testimonial to remind them of why this is such a good idea. And then you can see here, in the closing, you want to basically close it. If it's a two step, you want a button at the very bottom that scrolls them back up to the page. If it's taking them to an order form, you want a stack all the way at the bottom of the page. And I'm pretty sure I'm actually gonna, hold on, I'm gonna just show you guys here, live and in real time. Because I see here the question, can you, can you repeat where the three stacks go? So I'm gonna just show you right now. I'm gonna answer that question here. So you can see the announcement area, headline, problems, problems, solution. Solution is right here, meaning the bridge, the announcement, the what's included, the features. Then we have the first stack. So right after the features and benefits is the first stack. Then we included the bonuses, sort of a recap of the bonuses. We haven't talked about testimonials yet. Then another stack. Then a guarantee. Then frequently asked questions. Then the close. Then the stack again. And you can see that all of the buttons, if this were going to another order form, it would click over to the order form. In this case, it scrolls them to the top of the page. Okay, we don't have any buttons here. But if you were to go to like, actually, I don't know if Webinar 4 just has it. Let's see. Yeah, so here, you can see how that works, where any button that's happening above the announcement, right, or right before a stack, will take them all the way down to a stack. So you can see. And so only the buttons that have the credit card underneath them go right to the order form. So if I click on this, now it'll take them over to the order form. That makes sense. Okay. Okay, so then the next sales asset I want to talk about. And this is what I, this is sort of the thing this is going to like evolve. I like to have one main area of testimonials. And then I also like to sprinkle them. Right now, offer cure just has this main, we have like 750 testimonials that have to get added to that page. We just haven't had time because we've been super busy. But I like the idea of one main area and then sprinkle. Okay, this is kind of another example. This is on Launch Gorgeous. This is our area where instead of screenshots, we're doing, you know, little pictures. Again, notice that we have bolded the things that we want their eye to go to. And the more social proof you have, the better. And what I would say about social proof is there are no rules about social proof. You can put it anywhere. Okay, this is one of those things that there's no like narrative. I will say you have much better chance of getting people to read the testimonial. If you place the testimonial where you're talking about something that's relevant, right? So if you're, if you're like, for example, Launch Gorgeous, we're going to say to people, Hey, if you don't think Launch Gorgeous is for you, because you don't have a big list. And so then this would be the time at which we would say, Hey, like she only had 300 people when she first launched, right? And so maybe we would add like a headline, only 300 people, she only launched 300 people. Then we introduce your testimonial. Now her testimonial is very relevant to the copy that's happening. Okay. All right, now before we get to registration pages, which are not nearly as in depth, the sales asset is the most in depth. I see a bunch of questions over here that I want to answer. Okay, let's see. Ah, Kathy, she says one last call to action at the end of the page. So many people miss that. Kind of like every time you overcome an objection or close out a section of proof, add the stack again. That's a great rule. Like you can't, it's okay if you add the stack three or four times. Karen says, I had no idea those buttons on the minimal template were supposed to be scroll. I sent them all to the order form. Yeah. So if we go up here, any buttons that are on the page from this section, all the way down to this section should scroll straight to the bottom of the page and show off the stack. Any button that's in the stack with a credit card should take people right to the sale. Okay, that's sort of the pattern that you want to stick with. Um, okay, Beverly saying if you're using a bot sequence for your funnel, should all of these elements be hit on in the bot? I mean, yeah, I mean, you could do it in one sentence for sure. I mean, this is a great, this is a great sales sequence, no matter what you're doing emails, webinars, etc, etc. Although there's nuances to each communication channel. Um, Lee Simmery, which of your funnel drop sales pages most closely resembles your offer cure sales page? I love that design. Kathy, if you're listening, I would love your input on that offer cure is pretty original. But I'd be curious which theme you think matches offer cure the best. Okay, so Katana, I'm not sure you said, do you think this applies for reoccurring low ticket membership offers? Yes, this totally applies to all types of info product sales. Now, if you're in an e-commerce business, you don't mean quite the same length because there's a lot of tangible value. In fact, a lot of e-commerce funnels, you'll notice if you have the announcement area, your headline problem solution, meaning report might just be very, very short. And then you would jump right into features and benefits and then the rest of it. So an e-commerce page is going to be much, much shorter because you can get through headline problem solution, meaning a report in five sentences, or you can take five pages. See what I'm saying? Okay. Okay. Samantha says order form images on the left or the right, we'll get to those in a second. Do you always make your buttons the same color throughout? That's a good question. Yes, usually we do, because I think it creates a level of, it's a visual cue, but the ones, the buttons that go to the order form will always have the credit cards underneath them. Yeah, she's answering. She said yes. Oh, shoot, Samantha, I accidentally, hold on, where'd I do that one? You asked a question about the order form. Okay, I just got to remember to answer that. Okay. Sorry, I accidentally. Let's see, what if you really don't have credibility, you just, but you do have testimonials. So I would say use testimonials until you have social proof, like testimonials are a level of credibility. Nicole's asking, what about brick and mortar businesses? So for brick and mortar businesses, you would, you have to go back to last week. Remember last week when we talked about the value ladder and how a brick and mortar business works, and the majority of brick and mortar businesses do lead funnels. Now lead funnels are typically just headline, right? They're just a headline. Sometimes they have a problem. Sometimes they tease a solution, but they're literally just these two things right here, and then an option form. If you're a brick and mortar, and you do want to actually take one of your products and sell it online in like an SLO funnel, you would do an e-commerce version of this, which is just a shorter version of everything we're saying here. Okay. Do you have a formula for the 100% refund guarantee that works? No, I don't have like, I just use the guarantee that I have, but I'm sure there's like entire, like courses and legal leads on all the different types of guarantees you can do. We do full guarantees in a limited window for info products. That's what we choose to do. Okay. Let's keep going here. We've got a bunch more slides to get through. Okay. So the other type of sales asset, and I just, I wanted to talk about registration pages and what kinds of assets need to be on the registration page. Keeping in mind everything we just talked about, you're going to see a lot of these same things featured here, but in a much, much shorter, smaller. Real, the big thing that I want to explain is that on a registration page, I will always recommend that you have an attention or a call out, right? So you can either call out your social proof, right? Learn from one of the top digital marketers online, Juli Strayan, or you can call out your people, right? Like this one over here. It says attention, entrepreneurs, small business owners, online marketers and marketing agencies. Okay. Again, headline. And that's really, I mean, that's really everything about this sales asset requires curiosity. Now you can see a couple of things that both these pages have. Visually speaking, there's a queue of social proof. If you don't have social proof, a testimonial could work. On this registration page, there are no steps, no secrets, no nothing. It's all curiosity driven. And this one, it's a little bit more academic. So I did talk about the five simple steps. Inside of webinar gorgeous, we go through the masterclass of how to write your webinar presentation. The good news is when you once you've gone through that and you've written the register, the webinar presentation, all you have to do is take a few of those slides and transplant them onto the registration page. There's much less with regards to all the different elements on a registration page. Most of your work, your heavy lifting in the sales asset is done in the webinar itself. Curiosity is the name of the game here. You have to create as much curiosity as possible and make sure that you have as much of it above the scroll line as possible. Okay. I didn't want to focus a lot on this because I think that my recommendation is that if you actually spend the majority of the time building a good webinar presentation, the registration page virtually writes itself. There's not a lot of hacks or tricks on registration pages. I mean, obviously you can see there is a call to action on the buttons. This one opens a pop up. This one gets the input right there. There are multiple ways to do it. You do have some scarcity and urgency here. Notice there was no scarcity and urgency. I know Facebook is definitely not liking webinars these days. And so me, I would probably lean towards calling it a masterclass or calling it a workshop and making it appear like a video training rather than a webinar if you're going to run lots and lots of traffic. So that's it. It's simple, but don't be fooled. The webinar presentation is the part that makes you, you know, that's the hardest part. All right. So let's talk about some cart assets here for a second. These are order forms and OTOs. We've gone kind of like granularly through a sales asset. What are all those elements that you would put on a sales page? But now let's go over to cart assets. And I will keep answering questions in a bit. I just want to make sure I get through all the actual material. So one thing that I want to say about a cart is, and this is again, we're going to talk about this next week when we talk about split testing and diagnosing where the problem is in your funnel. But the cart asset is the place where you have to create the most trust. This is the point where every little thing does matter and does count, right? And I think a lot of people when their funnels are broken, they're like, Oh, where do I start? And typically, I say, depending, you know, and again, we'll go into this next week, there are big changes and then there are micro changes. And a lot of micro changes happen on the cart asset. Okay. So a couple of things I want to talk about here. What makes a great cart asset? I saw the question from Samantha about whether it should be on the left or the right. When you're on mobile, if the, if the form is on the left, that will appear first and then this will appear next. So I prefer to have the forms on the left. Sometimes on the mobile version, we'll create a little summary stack above it. But it's a shorter summary stack than what you see here so that we can get to the order form right away. Okay. So the first thing, what makes a great cart asset a clear description of the offer and price? I see a lot of people who put up their order forms and they don't have a recap, right? And so this is sort of like a, like a stack basically, where you have the bundle, the product mockup shot, the values, the total value, and then the actual price. Okay. So clear description of offer and price, full contact info, gone are the days when we can get away with just name and credit card. And I know some people are nervous that's going to make checkout process more laborious, but from a tax law standpoint, you need to know by law where all your customers are coming from because of the sales and use tax and nexus laws and all this other stuff. So please make sure that you have full addresses. We used to not do this. And so some of our older designs may not have full addresses on the forms. We plan to update them next year. But for now, you should always have address. Okay. Definitely want an offer shot again. You want to see the offer shot. And this area right here, I want to talk about this because I realized clear description of offer and price actually meant this and this meant this. And I mixed them up right here. So incredibly important what you put there. And I know for this particular order form, it just says webinar gorgeous $297. But you'll notice on Black Friday that we are going to use stars when we want to highlight something or when you're doing payment plans, you want to like, let's say, let's say for example, this was a payment plan, you want it to say webinar gorgeous parentheses save 20% or whatever, pay in full save 20% in parentheses or easy pay three easy pay right in parentheses. Do whatever you can to communicate clearly and also show the value whether it's a payment plan or you're saving money by paying in full. Okay, so don't just assume that this is just like, I'm just going to write the price and write the title like this is incredibly important right here. Okay. So you're going to do that value and price right here order bump. Now, when order bump is optional, it depends on the type of funnel. So if we go back to last week, and we talked about the excite funnels and how important it was to have like all the pieces and parts along the funnel, you're going to want an order bump. If you're doing a webinar that's more expensive, you don't necessarily need an order bump. Okay, this is an example of an order bump. This is the title. So yes, I will take it is built in to click funnels, but you can change that copy if you want. Here's the title. Here's the description. And also important to note that adding an image to your order bump will 100% drive up conversions. Okay, so I think if you can pull up an image in your order bump, you should credit card. You want that credit card image again. You also want a security icon wherever you can put it all orders processed over a secure network. You want to make sure that people feel safe that their credit card information is not going to be stolen, anything like that. Summary of purchase at the bottom. Incredibly important to have a summary of purchase if you've got multiple items up at the top. This is actually, I identified a problem with our webinar gorgeous order form because I noticed that the summary at the bottom was saying 197 and the top was saying 297. So always, always have a summary of purchase at the bottom. And then a call to action button. I'm ready to rock the webinar gorgeous complete purchase. Notice that we have a cart icon put an icon. You can do the lock icon. You can do the the car icon, but create an icon so that it's really, really, really easy to identify. Okay, boom, call to action. This is where I actually do the deed and then put the guarantee back on the order form. So every single one of these pieces should be on your order form. Don't launch a funnel without all of this on the order form. And it goes without saying I didn't focus on this in terms of the, you know, the whole funnel itself. But what breeds security and trust is at the bottom of every page having contact information, footer privacy policy terms and conditions that whole footer. And we can show you, you know, some examples of footers here. So another cart asset is an OTO. Okay, an OTO is what happens after they've checked out. And they're offered a one time offer. Okay, so what I did was I went ahead and I grabbed the parts of a sales page that you need on an OTO, which is really just announcing it, the features and benefits, the guarantee and the urgency. That's really all you need on OTO. You don't need the solution, the problem, the report, all that kind of stuff. You've kind of gone through that at the beginning of the funnel. And these people now are in the heat of buying so you don't want to waste time. A couple things to note about an OTO. You always want to have a wait announcement or you want something at the top that says do not close this page. Your order is not complete. You can also say something like don't hit the back button or refresh or your card may be double charged. Anything to say, don't leave this page. Like your order is not yet complete. We also love this animated bar here at the top. Notice how here is the announcement. And it is a, this is the tagline description, headline, call to action here. Now notice this is important because we've got the credit card. We've got the cart. This is an identifier that, oh, money is transacted here. That's why it's so important that you use consistency. The little cart button, the button looks the same, the credit card, all of that stuff is like, oh, money is transacted here. And make sure that you say add a one-time charge of 97 so that it's very clear that they're about to be billed. Okay. Then you need to have a no thank you, please complete my order underneath the button. Can be smaller, but don't just put it all the way down at the page. It's annoying for people that can't find it. Put it wherever there's a yes, there should be a no. Okay. An OTO needs a video, 100%. You want to be able to bridge the gap. You just bought this. That's awesome. I want to reassure you. This is so exciting. Blah, blah, blah. But did you know that? And then you kind of introduced that next thing. Okay. So that's the point of the video. I think, um, oh, whoops. There they all are. But you know what I didn't, what I didn't include, which I am bummed I didn't include was this whole part underneath this looks just like a sales page, right? It's the, it's the features, the benefits. I don't know why I didn't grab a screenshot of it, but it's all the same things that we just went over on the other sales asset, except in this, in this particular page, this is also a cart asset because money is actually being transacted and it's much shorter. I think I was trying to get through everything because I knew this was going to be a long training. All right. So let's talk a little bit about delivery assets. I'm almost done here guys. And then I'm going to come back through all the questions. So delivery assets are, remember what we talked about, order confirmation forms and the membership areas. Now, if you are an e-commerce, your delivery asset is going to be an order confirmation form and then wherever you're shipping and fulfillment. If you're a service based local, the delivery is actually going to happen in the store. So not even going to be a digital asset at all. Okay. So let's talk about that. First of all, on the order confirmation, you want a receipt of purchase. So that's actually going to fire off in an email so that they have like a receipt. You want to put next steps, directions. Okay. Very, very important that you explain to them what they have to do next. A fulfillment email is usually a welcome email, sort of reiterating that you're super glad they came, they bought, they're now in your world, what they can expect, all that kind of stuff. Any type of a member's area needs to have a welcome or a start here. It's very, very overwhelming. You get used to your stuff. You think it's super obvious. It's not. So use a start here. If you're ever going to pre-sell something, it's not going to be ready. A calendar of release, right? When you guys bought FunnelRx, it wasn't built yet, but you saw the dates that they would be dropped. So you at least knew like, okay, this stuff is coming. Important to also include in your delivery assets how they can get support. So where they can contact you, the actual content that you sold them, and any upsell opportunity. So if you bought OfferCure and you didn't buy FunnelRx, you would notice that there was an upsell opportunity in the member's area if you wanted to get FunnelRx. Okay? So putting it all together so you guys can kind of see. And I did not, I specifically didn't go over traffic assets today and follow-up assets today for a reason, but I'm going to explain this. So in Module 1, we're talking about I need good offer, good copy, good design. I've got my five assets that I know are what create a complete sales funnel. And I also understand what level of the value ladder. And now we've kind of gone through the funnel elements like the nitty gritty of what needs to go on a sales asset, on a cart asset, and a delivery asset. So what about traffic and follow-up assets? So I'm not going to go into great lengths about the follow-up assets today because both follow-up and traffic are sort of different beasts. Traffic asset, first of all, it depends on what you're doing, right? You've got ads, SEO, you've got PR, you've got organic, social. There's like so many options we'd be here all day long. You guys should see how much stuff is arriving on my porch from Amazon right now. Like keep getting distracted. Okay. So the follow-up asset checklist, you need a buyer sequence and a non-buyer sequence. That is the most important thing. A buyer sequence is going to reaffirm that they did something awesome, right? They trusted you, they purchased the non-buyer sequence is going to help figure out why they didn't buy and bring them back around to buy again. So every single funnel should have a buyer and a non-buyer sequence. And I would say the best thing to do is to do it in email. Now you can also do it in messenger or text as well. One other important thing is that you don't want your buyer and non-buyer sequences to be too long. Two or three emails is plenty. Unless you have a course or an offer where the buyer sequence needs to be like days and days, if you're regularly emailing your list and you're regularly communicating, you don't want them to be getting a buyer sequence and a non-buyer sequence and then getting your regular emails. And so you just want to have a couple emails and keep it to their real critical information. Second thing is you want in-app ascension. And what that means is inside the content, if there's another thing that they can buy, you want to make that possible. Number three and number four, these are other types of follow-up assets. The first is messenger marketing, which is like texts or bots or Facebook messages or retargeting, which is really a traffic asset where it's like reminding them with an ad. So to keep your follow-up assets simple, you want to have two sequences and some sort of in-app ascension to the next thing that you do. Okay? All right. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to pop out of here for a second and I'm going to go over here and I'm going to show you this is the spreadsheet that you're getting today. And this is a checklist of all of the elements that I could come up with. I did mention on the checklist the footers because I didn't really cover it, but I did want to show you guys. For support issues or questions, please email us at support. We have a privacy policy at Terms and Conditions, a refund policy. We also have a messenger bot here that allows people to contact us. So some sort of footer. You can also see on some of the on the bottom of some of my funnels as well. You can see, let's see, well here I have the same thing, privacy policy, terms and conditions. But if you go to digital insiders, I think that was a funnel that I just redid. This is actually an application funnel. If you go down, here we go. You can see I actually have a phone number. If you can get away with a phone number, it always creates a level of trust and a really, really important in e-commerce. A lot of e-commerce companies allow you to order by phone too. And so it's just an important element I think you should have. So you can see here all the sales assets and then you can see the registration page elements checklist, delivery assets, webinar presentation. I kind of overviewed the 10 steps here, but I would use webinar gorgeous if you're actually building your presentation, your order form and your OTO. This guy does not realize that I'm not going to answer the door. I'm on a call in a meeting so I can't answer any of your questions. So you're going to have to get their attention in there. Yeah, because I'm on a call. Thanks. He's like not realizing that I'm not going to talk to me. Okay. All right. So this is what you're going to get today and now I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to ask a whole bunch of questions here. Okay. How did you get the button to look like it's moving in the header of the funnel gorgeous site? So a couple things. Number one, Cappy has the hologram code for the cool hologram button, but ClickFunnels does allow you to create an animation on your button. So it depends on the platform that you're using some buttons come with animation. Gabbies, make me laugh. So you can do animation depending on the platform. Okay. All right. Let's see. Grace says I have three courses. Course one is launching now. We'll be following offer cure full structure for course two. Could we offer course one for those who didn't get it as an OTO? I honestly, I can't answer that question because I don't know what the topic is. I don't know what the solution is typically an OTO is the next thing. And I have a lot of people ask me, how do you decide what's an order bump and what's an OTO? And the best way I can describe it is an order bump isn't easy. Yes. Impulse by add on an OTO is going to take more explanation. And so you need a more a full page for it to explain it. Whereas an order bump, you just get a little paragraph. So that's sort of how I decide like, do I need a whole page or can I say this in just a paragraph? Do order bumps ever hurt webinar sales? That's a great question. I don't think they do. I mean, order bumps usually aren't like super, super expensive and people just don't have to check the box. So I wouldn't, I wouldn't worry about that. It was interesting though, because when we launched offer cure, our order bump was the thing that had the lowest percentage. It was still an awesome percentage, but it wasn't like unicorn level, like at like the main offer in the OTO. And so we, we upped the value of the order bump to raise the conversion, but we had to watch and make sure that it didn't make our OTO go down. Because sometimes at people buy offer cure and they buy the order bump, then they're less likely to buy the OTO because they've already spent more money. And so we had to watch to make sure. So that's more what you want to test is your order bump to OTO ratio. Then that is usually when you're dealing with an excite level down here and SLO funnel. Webinar funnels typically don't remember if you go back to offer cure, everything's in one big stack. It's not like diced out. Okay. Okay. On an SLO sales page, do you recommend a webinar or a BSL to sell it? You don't need a webinar for a low ticket. Remember at the excite level, you can use a demo video, but at the established level, when you're doing a webinar, then you need a presentation, pressure or a person. That's what I went through last week. But you don't need a webinar to sell $37 product. Okay. Raymond says, what if the OTO price is higher than the first product or service? It often is. That's actually totally normal. But if you're building an SLO and you're using offer cure, stick to the prices that I put in the spreadsheet for starting out, and then you can deviate from that later. But those prices are like tried and true pricing for SLO funnels. Okay. So someone is asking about what are you doing to address the disability act? In all your amazingness, do you have a checklist? I don't have a checklist for that. What I will tell you from working at ClickFunnels when it comes to the disability is make sure that all your videos have captions. I haven't done that yet to all of my videos, but having captions generated on videos is important. But what is unfortunately true is that for the majority of American Disability Act issues, they're actually at the level of the coded software. So let me give you for an example. The ADA requires that in order to move throughout a page, you have to be able to use the arrows. Right. You don't, if you can't use a mouse, right, or use the keypad. Well, I don't have any control whether or not ClickFunnels creates in the back end codes their software to do that. If I'm using a hosted solution, I can't fix that unless ClickFunnels fixes that. So you definitely want to go to the platform that you're using. Now, with the exception of WordPress, where you're kind of more on your own, you want to go to the platform, you're using and ask them what they're doing for ADA compliance and make your decision from there. Okay. Let's see. Loni says this is 397 for a spotlight course considered high ticket. So you mean at the established level, right? Are you talking about that mid level? 397 is not that expensive. Although it depends on if you're working with, like if you're selling a health thing to customers, not to business to business, then that is kind of high ticket for them. But that's, it can still be at that level, the established level. If you're in any sort of B2B market, it's not expensive at all. So it expensive is relative to the audience that you serve and the way your value ladder goes. That makes sense. Okay. Are your themes usable and non-CIP portals? Well, right now, most of our stuff is in click files, but we sell just the theme files now so that you can recreate it. We are working on Elementor, which is for WordPress. We're coming out with our first two Divi themes. I'm not Divi, Kajabi sales pages. I was like, where did Divi come from? I was reading. But right now, there's no other software, maybe Kartra, but there's no other software that allows you to one click the entire funnel. So a lot of people are like, well, where's the one click funnel for WordPress? I was like, you guys, you can't do that. So we're doing the one click install for Elementor, but then you would need to install Thrive or Kartflows or things like that. There's no easy way to do an entire funnel in one click. So we're kind of building it out slowly, starting with the hardest page first, which is the sales page. Convertory does have a one click install, although I've been told that our click funnels, funnels, import into Convertory without too much trouble. That's what I've heard. And yes, we have our first WordPress theme coming out, including a blog, which is Inc. That's coming out. I'm just looking here. I'm so excited for Black Friday. I know we are too. Okay, let's see. What other questions do we have here? At the first level, that's Excite. Would you recommend the layout similar to OfferCure with the two step order form and the image above the scroll? Yes, at the Excite level. So OfferCure is a classic info product SLO funnel. Launch Gorgeous is going to be probably, I don't know, it's either going to be an establishment or an elevate. That's going to be a webinar funnel. So once that funnel is built, that'll be a classic presentation style funnel. But OfferCure is called classic SLO. And you can do it two step or you can do it without a two step. Okay, I'll be using the OfferCure to create 12 monthly challenges as a membership, where we'll work on one particular focus. I plan on creating an offer and sales page for each of these challenges so that people can join each month. Being that you ladies have created something similar with monthly offer drops, can you recommend some best practices? So I would be careful about trying to create 12 sales pages. So Funnel Gorgeous is kind of a unique bird because it's an info products company, but it's also actually operating a lot like an e-commerce company. And so if we go back to module two, in fact, I'm just going to pull up module two right here to answer this question. If you go back to module two and you look at it, when you look at the e-commerce right here, typically the established level of an e-commerce is not a funnel. It's an actual storefront. And that's one of the reasons why we're moving over to WordPress is because when you sell digital assets, the way we do each month releasing something new, it's much more like a storefront. And then our info product brand kind of operates more like this. We've got offer care, funnel, Rx. We're going to go ahead and do launch gorgeous here. And then we're going to end in the funnel gorgeous retreat is up here. So that's sort of our info product line, but our e-commerce line, you know, our info products will also sell our templates too. So we have that kind of hybrid going on. So what does that mean for you? If you are not selling a digital asset, if you're actually selling a challenge, my recommendation is that you think through how to do that carefully because the reality is, is that 12 challenges, I don't typically recommend that you create 12 SLO funnels. That would be crazy, especially because in offer cure, you need nine products per SLO funnel. So that would be nuts. So then the next question is, do these 12 monthly challenges, is it really a membership? Is it a membership? Because if it's a membership, then you're really building something at the establish. And remember what I said about the establish level, you need pressure, a presentation, or a person. And so you either need a webinar, or you need a sales call, or you need a launch. And so to create 12 sales pages would be a tremendous amount of work. So I would think through how best to do that. You might be able to do one challenge, just like an evergreen one in SLO, and then the rest are sold as a bundle. But I think comparing it to funnel gorgeous is a little tricky because challenges are not quite as much like a digital asset as like a template is. And so you might find yourself overwhelmed. I would want you to get overwhelmed with making all of that work for yourself. Is there any way for customers to use a different credit card for the OTO? No, not unless you have a separate order form. But the whole joy of the OTO is that they just have to click yes, and instead of having to fill out their information again. Which are the best masculine drops. So we have funnel handsome, or we have funnel minimal, funnel motivate, and probably funnel crisp next month will also be good for that as well. Okay, we are doing a six week beta class on lead generation. It's 1997. Would this be high ticket? It is sort of, I mean, it depends on how good you are with a webinar. You can sell it off of a buy now without, you know, without a phone call. But what I said last week was important for people who aren't very good at webinars or kind of, you know, getting started, you can make up for what you can't do on the webinar on a sales call. And I when I first started, I sold something at $14, $1500 and I actually did a sales call. And that's how I got started before I started the buy now. Um, for the SLO, do you lead with the most desirable thing? Yes, always. Always, because if they don't buy that first thing, they never buy anything else. When do we get to see Rustic? Great question. Tomorrow, we're going live at 12pm Eastern Saturday, time to go behind the scenes of all the details of our Black Friday offer. And we will show you everything, what you could buy, because there's so many questions, there's so many things that we're offering for Black Friday. So tomorrow at 12pm Eastern Saturday, time on our Facebook page. Can you collect a date of birth in ClickFunnels? You can with a special input field. You'd have to create a special field. Follow up on the SLO. I can't decide between a workshop and a content kind of service. Is the answer just a test? Yeah, I still haven't quite figured out how to teach the gut response of like, is this sexy or not? So, but and sometimes I still get it wrong. So if you go back through the offer cure and workshop one, when I have the 42 different types of info products and read whether it makes sense to call it a workshop because of what a workshop implies, a workshop implies a lot of action on the part of the student, which is why we called offer cure a workshop series because it wasn't a ton of learning, there was a lot of doing. So I guess that would be the question to ask yourself. Okay. Can you quickly go through the components of a sales asset for brick and mortar businesses? Yes, so I did that. Maybe you didn't hear me. But generally speaking, for a sales asset for a brick and mortar business, just share my screen, you would simply do a headline, a problem, and then an opt-in button with a call to action. I mean, it's, it's like these two things with like a little opt-in. I mean, that's it. Because most of the time you're just collecting leads, you don't have to have a long page like this. It's, it's all driven by curiosity. Now, if you say to me, okay, well, I'm a salon and I want to sell our best selling facial cream as an SLO funnel, in which case, if that's what you want to do, then I would follow all of these rules for an SLO funnel, you know, the nine products, the whole, like the whole nine yards. But if you're just collecting leads, you're going to just lead with a headline, a little problem, and then the solution is put your email address in and I'll send it to you. And that's really it. It's, it's not complicated. The average lead funnel takes maybe 30 minutes to set up. Okay, let's see. Yeah. Okay, I see the comment. All right. So what is happening for this week is I'm going to give you that checklist for all the elements. And I'm going to actually drop that link in here now so you can grab it if you want. You'll also get the slides. And so my goal here is that with all three of these next week, what we're going to focus on is we're going to focus on diagnosing and split testing and figuring out where the problem is. And I know a lot of you guys might already have funnels. And so this is going to be really helpful. We're going to talk about friction. We're going to talk about where the most common like break off points are. We're going to talk about the steps to uncovering friction, like where it actually is. Benchmarks, I'm going to talk about the red line, black line rule in split testing and conversion, which will hopefully help. And the idea is that if you with reasonable assurance, if you are using the offer cure to create your offer, you're using the funnel drops for your design. You're using the ear, stability positioning trust checklist, and you understand where that funnel is in your value ladder. And then you use the checklist for the elements. You are well on your way to making sure that your funnel is going to perform. But I think one thing that always, always have to manage is expectations. And so I always say this to people when they are launching a funnel, that you can expect that you are not going to break even when you first launch. That's pretty typical, pretty normal. When you, when you make a profit on the first go with ads, that's pretty exceptional. And you should give yourself an enormous pat on the back. This is one of the reasons why I always recommend that people launch first before they ever green out something with ads. And the reason is because a lot of people, they think, okay, I'm going to build the funnel, and I'm going to flip on ads and I'm going to make money. And usually what happens is they build the funnel, flip on ads, and they lose money. And then they think, oh, shoot, it, it didn't, it didn't work, right? Hold on, I had this wrong. It didn't work. And they get discouraged. And so one of the reasons why we're doing launch gorgeous is because when I want to validate an offer, I say use a launch first, even if it's for something not that expensive, because you'll get some market validation, you'll get some momentum and you'll be more likely to stick with it. So if you build a funnel and you launch it and you run ads and you don't make money right away, don't lose heart. A lot of people, a lot of people start there and then they're like, okay, now what? And that's where next week is going to come in. We're going to talk about how to optimize. We're going to use and the checklist that I'm giving you this week is oftentimes what you use in the optimization phase. You go through all these things and think, how can I make this better? How can I tweak this? And so I hope that that has been helpful. Loni is saying, who do you launch to if you're not running ads? Well, you do have to run ads, but it's a lot easier to run ads to build an audience first and then launch to them than it is to do just ads right to a full funnel. So there's a lot of strategies involved. And I'm going to talk about that next week about what the order of things are because it depends on the type of funnel that you're using. But typically for a launch, if someone comes to me and they have nobody on their list, they have no visibility, I say, let's build a list organically and with some ads, and then let's launch something to them. If they buy it, let's take that something, look at your value ladder, and turn it into a funnel that runs ads. That's usually what I do when somebody knows nothing. If you come to me and you're like, I already have something in its selling, and it's working well, I say, okay, well, do we need to ever green that out and optimize it? Or do we go down to the excite level and create a new funnel for you to get more traffic for free? So it's all dependent dependent on where you come in. That's kind of like an if then quiz. So all right, guys, I will get this all wrapped up for you in the members area, the training. And did you guys get the checklist? Grab the checklist, the M3 elements, you should see it. Let me know if there's anything missing. There was a lot of items I was trying not to overwhelm you. I was trying to keep it simple here as much as possible. All right, I will have a great Thanksgiving if you celebrate. I will see you next Tuesday for our last class module for optimization and split testing. Okay, talk to you guys. Bye.