 Hello, good morning, good morning, all my funnel RXers. How are you guys today? This is module four, the funnel RX. This is the last module, but this has been such a fun ride for me. I'm just going to wait a second for all of you guys to get on. I have wanted to build a funnel strategy course and I've just had so much fun building this one. It makes me just want to keep building and keep teaching because you guys have been just the most amazing students ever. Also I'm a little tired this morning. I was up late with the Cyber Monday sale, which was crazy. So you guys are the bomb for that as well. So super grateful, a little sleepy. I'm not going to lie. This is also day two of snow days here in Connecticut. We got wallop. There's like seven inches of snow outside. So my gosh, it's like cabin fever and it's not even Christmas yet. So that's what's going on in my world, but it's nice to see you guys. Launch Gorgeous is next. I'm so excited. I'm going to immediately go from funnel RX to start planning on building Launch Gorgeous. But module four is where we're at today and I'm super excited about this because I actually did the entire presentation or a shortened version of the presentation of my insiders yesterday. I built it for my insiders originally because I was like, gosh, I keep saying the same things in my funnel audits over and over again. Like how can I simplify this? So this is tested on actual like people live funnels. Hold my notes. Okay. All right. Hello, hello. I see a bunch of you guys are on the chat. We put your questions in the Q&A box so I don't miss them. Okay. All right. So let me share my screen. Thank you. Someone said they love my top. My top is just a very glorified pajamas. If I'm being completely honest. It's my like cute sweater that I wear when I'm not really dressed because I'm exhausted. Oh my gosh. Okay. So I'm going to go into presentation mode here for a little bit. So module four is called funnel diagnostics. And again, just to quickly recap in module one, we talked about the five core assets of any funnel and what makes a funnel profitable. So we talked about the sustainability positioning and trust. We talked all about that. In module two, we went and zoomed out. We looked at value ladder. We looked at business structure, which funnel is right for you. What level of the value ladder are you working on in your business? And then last week in module three, we went through the periodic table of funnel elements. And this is where we went through especially the sales asset, the card asset, the delivery asset and said, what are the things that need to be on the page? These are things that we know psychologically and from a marketing standpoint need to be on the page. That is kind of the setup for today, which is module four funnel diagnostics. Once you have a funnel, it's out there. It's running. You're like, does it work? Is this good? What do I fix? Oh wait, it's not profitable yet. Like all of those sort of feelings that you have, it's very, very common to have those feelings and so this module is going to hopefully solve that problem for you today. So what are you looking for? There's only one thing you're really looking for once a funnel is live and out in the wild, as I like to say, that means there's traffic running in some capacity, whether it's organic or paid. We're looking for friction and friction is defined in this case, any place along the path that's going to cause resistance, right? So they're not going to want to move forward, fall off, they're going to bounce off the page or confusion. They're not exactly sure what their options are, what they're actually selling, all that kind of stuff. So when friction occurs, it either prevents the sale entirely where they just don't buy. It lowers the sale where they say no to a bunch of things because they're just confused or in some cases friction on the delivery side and in the follow up side causes the sale to be lost after the fact. Refunds are a type of friction in your funnel. I don't think a lot of people realize that, but if you don't have good delivery mechanism and you don't have a good follow up mechanism, you can watch the friction come after the fact. So we're going to spend this time together talking about how to uncover friction on the funnel itself. I've got a super cool spreadsheet and if any of you guys are watching and you actually have live funnels and you want to open them up while we're doing this, we can use. Yesterday I was using actual examples from my insiders because it's really fun. All right, so the second one is to use math. Math is going to help us and I want to go through each of the primary funnel types. Remember in module two, I gave you these blueprints here and I want to show you what we're looking for on benchmarks. Quick disclaimer, we're not going to talk about traffic. We're going to stick to the funnel. Traffic has its own set of benchmarks and those benchmarks vary wildly. So we're talking about the funnel right now and I know a lot of people are like, well, how do I know if it's the ads or the funnel? And we'll get to that discussion towards the end once I show you the spreadsheet and kind of how to interpret it. And yes, slides and spreadsheets and all the good things will be available. So this is the first type of funnel. This is a typical funnel that's at the excite level at the bottom in the value ladder. These are typical benchmarks we're looking for. We're looking for a 1 to 5% buy rate so they see the sales page. Now maybe the sales page and an order form are combined. Maybe they're not. But either way, you're looking for a 1 to 5% buy rate on the order of the first offer. At least 20% of those people should be taking your order from. And I've changed this benchmark. I've taught this several times and I'm now saying that you really should want to ideally hit 10% of people taking your OTO. That might be a little bit lower if you have an expensive OTO. And then another important metric that we look at is what are the open rates? Now 20% is a pretty typical open rate on an email with a 2 to 3% click rate. Obviously if you're using newer things like messenger marketing and stuff that hasn't been around as long, the open rates are going to be higher. So you may want to just kind of establish a benchmark for you. I see someone's asking about what is expensive for an OTO. So if you go into offer cure and you go into the offer creation spreadsheet, you'll see that when you're filling out the offer for the OTO, there's a couple prices down there. And those are the prices I recommend for an OTO. It's anywhere between 47 and 197. Have I seen OTOs higher? Yes. Does it usually affect conversion? Yeah, it does. But you can play with the numbers on that. Okay, webinar funnel. So this is the second type. This is the typical funnel that you see up here in the established level, not always, but a lot of times. These are the benchmarks you're looking for. And a 20% opt-in rate is your benchmark. You want to see at least 50% of those people watching. If it's an automated webinar, hopefully it's even a little higher. It's 60%. If it's a live webinar, that is going to be much, much lower. It's probably going to be closer to 25 or 30. But I did this based on an evergreen sort of automated webinar. And then you're going to want to have 1% to 5% of people buy. Based on however many people watched, 1% to 5% of people will buy. Again, same benchmark for the follow-up assets, 20% open rate. Nobody panic. I'm going through these fast because I'm actually going to show you a lot of this on the spreadsheet. And I'm going to give you these slides so you can see if the spreadsheet is going to solve the problem for you in terms of you being able to figure out your benchmarks. Okay. The next funnel, the funnel that we see a lot of times up at the elevate level, especially in an info product business. Now, not everyone's going to have an application funnel. But if you do, this is what I would look at. A 20% opt-in rate from the pop-up. So they're going to go to the sales page. They're going to click. They're going to open up the pop-up. They're going to put their name and email in. And then they're going to go to the application. You want to see at least 30 to 40% of the people who opt-in. You want them to apply. You want them to actually go through and fill out the application. And then again, these are benchmarks that I pulled based on my experience in sort of the info product coaching consulting space. An application funnel is also used in agency models and other models like that. So you may want to adjust these slightly for yourself. But for the most part, you want a minimum of 60% of people to show up for the phone call after they fill out the application. And then you'd like to, you should be closing at least 25% of those people. So those are the benchmarks there for the application. And then the lead funnel is very simple because we're not talking about traffic right now. We're just talking about the funnel. You want about a 20% opt-in rate. Someone's asking application for a mastermind, for example. Yes, that's another reason why you would use an application funnel. Module two is the module where I introduced these. So if you didn't, if you didn't watch module two, that sort of explains where these all fit in sort of the category. In case there are some of you guys who are new here and watching live, but you haven't seen the other ones, these all sort of like build on each other. Okay. Let's see. Where am I going? Oh, wait, hold on. Okay. So this is the rule that I want to explain that I didn't realize that this is what I've been using as I've been doing. I have done audits in the insiders. I've done audits in TCCX. I've been like, I've just done lots and lots of funnels at this point. Use the red line, green line rule. So step one is to use math and step two is to use the red line, green line rule. So here's the rule. We're talking about a benchmark. I just showed you those funnels and I showed you benchmark, but benchmark isn't just one number in time. Benchmark is kind of a range, a little bit. It's a narrow range. So you can see here, this is your benchmark that you're working on, depending on what kind of funnel you're using. And you look at your numbers, you're going to be like, am I within that benchmark range where it's like, this is standard. Okay. Then there's when you're in the red and this is when you're not at benchmark yet. Something is not working. And I'm calling this the macro change level and I'll talk about what a macro change is in a minute. Because when we talk about split testing and funnel diagnostics, there's different types of tests that you need to do. And I would argue that if you choose the wrong test based on where you're actually at, you're going to feel like you're spinning your wheels. So above benchmark, once you get out of benchmark territory, now you're in the green. Now you're in like, this funnel is humming. And now the changes that you're going to make are going to be very, very micro changes. So if you've seen books like 108 split tests, these are tests that were done on funnels that were not all of them, but a lot of them were working. You know, it's like, oh, should the color of the button be red or should it be purple? And so those kinds of split tests are the kinds of split tests you do when you're in the green and you're working to change tiny little percentage points. Okay. Benchmark is sort of a blend of that. You are starting to do some of those small changes, but you're still also making some larger adjustments. And if you are in the red, you really need to be focused on macro changes. This is something is wrong with the offer itself or the packaging of the offer, which usually means the copy. So let's just talk about this. I want to like dive into this before I show you the spreadsheet. So macro changes are you're not reaching your standard benchmarks and something isn't resonating with your audience. So you guys, if you're taking notes, number one, if you're in the red, like down here, like you are so far below benchmark, it's not even funny. That is oftentimes a red flag that there is a technical problem that's preventing people from buying. So if you're like right here in the red, you know what I mean? Like the benchmark is 1% and you're at like half a percent. Let's say um Okay, something's not quite resonating with the audience. We do need to make big changes. But if you're at like .008% just make sure there isn't something technically wrong with the funnel that's preventing people because very mega in the red can sometimes signal a tech issue. It can also signal a completely wrong audience. And that might be an alert that says, okay, maybe we're just sending this to the completely wrong people. So keep that in mind if it's wicked low. But in general, macro changes are changes to the offer and changes to the packaging around the offer. So think of it as like, okay, so this mug is the offer, right? Then you the box that the mug comes in is the packaging. And so those are the things that we're really looking to change when you're in the red macro. Um Yes, actually technical grace. I mean like something's like technically not right with the funnel. Okay, so what are big changes related to the offer? So changing the offer itself. So for example, maybe there's not enough value in the offer, right? Maybe what you're asking versus the value is there's not a big enough disparity. And so it doesn't feel irresistible yet maybe there are bone the bonuses are working or they're not actually solving the objections. Perhaps the pricing is off as related to what other people are selling in the market and possibly the results that you're promising on the offer are not results that people are actually they don't actually feel like, oh my gosh, I need this result. So changing that offer that means it could be like the copy of it. It could also be like the design of it, especially with the offer shots. But a lot of times it's the copy or you really got to go back to offer cure and figure out how can I make this be fear like what's not quite right. The second reason that you would be in the red would be the message around the offer is not connecting with people. Um, that happens a lot of times with the headline or the hook. It's not enough of a hook. Like it's just not it's not like, oh my god. Yes, I mean that and I'm going to give you an example. Some examples in a little while once I get through the training. Maybe it's not actually the problem like the problem. You know how in the sales copy when you have the problem maybe the problem isn't really the problem they're worried about. I was actually talking to Ashley about this this morning. She's got this amazing course about all different types of writing and we were talking about well, what's the problem? Um, you know, what's the problem that she's selling and she's like, well, I'm telling writers you don't have to worry about a niche. You can make a lot of money even if you don't know your niche yet. And I was like, well, why do people have a problem finding their niche? And she's like, well, because they think once they have a niche they can get clients and I was like, I think this is the issue. I think that the actual problem, the actual angle is clients and niche is a really big part of that. So that's an example of like some things not right with the packaging of the offer. Maybe your solution isn't specific enough. I see this a lot. It's not like I'm going to help you do X. It's like a lot of times this can happen in the life coaching space where it feels kind of vague. And so it's like it's not refined and laser specific enough or there's not a unique selling proposition. And a unique selling proposition is where it's like you offer something different than everybody else. And so that's another reason why you might want to make a macro change or you just haven't finished crushing enough objections. So these are the bigger changes related to the offer when you are in the red. Okay. Now, yeah, Samantha is saying, well, what if the result is too broad? Right. Like get leads exactly. Usually what happens is, I mean, that is definitely a problem that people want solved, but the solution doesn't have enough specificity and it doesn't have a unique selling prop. What they're going to do, Samantha, is they're going to say, oh, well, I've tried to get leads and get sales and I didn't have, it didn't work. So this isn't going to work either. Whereas if you said this helps you get leads and sales, but it does it through this unique selling mechanism, then they're like, oh, I didn't try that mechanism before. I'm going to give you a real tangible example. So I click on every ad I can ever find, right? So I get all kinds of ads. I saw, I see, you know, nutrition ads and fitness ads all the time and none of them, none of them hook me because I'm very much anti, like the dieting industry. Like I'm not, I'm not a big fan of it. So none of them hook me, but the one I saw yesterday hooked me and it hooked me because the unique selling proposition wasn't really around nutrition. It was, he was talking about how we all have a natural set point in our way and no diet will work if it's just working against your natural set point. Your body always wants to go to a certain weight. If you can change that set point, if you can like reprogram your set point, you'll be able to lose weight. And I was like, that's a unique selling prop. He's like, my nutrition program will teach you how to reset your set point. I was like, I haven't heard that before. Now I want to click. And so that's an example. Okay. Hope that helps. All right. So let's talk about then what happens if you are at benchmark. Okay. And benchmark is that range. It's sort of a blend of macro and micro. So macro is offer changes and packaging around the offer changes, whereas micro are like design changes, making your page load faster, adding more dynamic elements, things like that. So you're kind of doing some blending here at this point. Number one, headlines are always a place that you can work, whether it's changing the copy, changing the copy design, adding a secondary tagline underneath, etc., etc. Visuals of the offer, that means videos, demos, offer shots, you can always optimize those and make those better. Death to the long paragraph, anywhere on the page where you see a long paragraph, anywhere on the page where you're reading and you are tempted to skim, you're like, oh yeah, I know that part. That means that that page is not well designed enough. It really does need to be optimized. Social proof is a huge one. You can, I mean, social proof is the currency of the internet. So social proof and adding strategic social proof, not just like throwing 8 million pictures and screenshots on the page, but actually like using social proof at strategic points in the copy can really make a difference. And then the stack. The stack is a huge part of the page optimizing the stack from a design standpoint and also from a copy standpoint, a consistency standpoint, all of these things. This is sort of where I start when I'm like, okay, someone's at Benchmark. That's awesome, but they're not profitable yet. Because sometimes when you're at Benchmark, you're not profitable because ads are expensive. And you're like, wow, okay, well, I'm at Benchmark, but it needs to be better. So this is kind of where I start. Okay. So when you're at Benchmark, module three, which is what I did last week where I had that entire checklist of all the things, I would go through module three and make sure you have everything on that checklist on your page. And if you do ask yourself, what can I do to make it better? Right? So product mock-up shots for bonuses, maybe you didn't have them on there. Scrolling buttons that allow people to scroll down faster if they want to skip pieces of the copy. Are the stack images completely consistent? Are icons consistent? Are there not too many blobs of paragraphs? Are the testimonials easy to read? That's a big one. People like put testimonials on the page, but then they don't copy design them. They don't like underline the one sentence they want your eye to go to. Why not? Sometimes you can take a testimonial and you can pick out the one like phrase in the testimony you want people to read. And you can actually make that a heading to the testimonial. And in quotes, like she tripled her leads, you know, in quotes, and then there's the picture and then the actual testimonial. And then you can see where it says she tripled her lead. So you sort of like, it's like a call out. Okay, so that's another thing that you can do there. Then what about green? Okay, so green is you are above a benchmark. It is working. What are the micro changes, the smaller split tests that you can do to optimize the funnel? So adjusting the UX of the page, what UX stands for is user experience. And user experience is how is the experience when you're on the page? How fast does the page load? Are there hot spots now? Hot spots can be found if you're using a tool like hot jar. It'll show you when people are on a sales page, like where the mouse is going. Sometimes there are things that look like their buttons, but they're not. And so you'll be able to tell with a heat map that like, like people are clicking there, but like there's no button. So like getting rid of hot spots is something you can do. Do you have a live chat feature so that people can ask questions right from the page itself? Do you have any interactive elements, elements where you can like click in the box opens or like stuff that they can do on the page that keeps them interacting with the page? And how is your mobile experience and, you know, mobile experience, like, can you make it better and better and better? Not just like make it so that it's like the same page, but like it's copy design and it's proportionate. Sometimes you look at mobile versions and you're like, a font's a little big, and it's still readable, but like you want it to be proportionate on mobile the way it's proportionate on desktop. Again, you can continue to work on the copy design of the pages with by split testing headlines, even at the green level, better photos, better videos, offer shots, working on the buttons, the colors of the buttons, the icons on the buttons, the calls to actions on the buttons, and of course, as always, more strategic social proof. Okay. Another thing that you can do on when you're in green is you can optimize the two portions of funnel optimization that people always forget, which is delivery and follow-up. How is your onboarding sequence once they buy? What is it like in the members area? What are the open rates and the click-through rates on your emails? And are there new follow-up ideas that you can deploy to catch people who didn't buy the first time? So a lot of split testing at the green level can also focus on these things as well. Someone's asking, would the chat or click button be a distraction for the objective? No, not necessarily. I mean, assuming, of course, that you have a chat that has a pretty decent response time. You don't want to have a chat that you put up there and it doesn't have any response. Okay. But here's the big like aha moment for people. Once you're on green, a lot of your optimization is going to now happen over with your traffic rather than your funnel. So you can continue to optimize your funnel. You continue just to split test and stuff like that. But once it's green, you want to focus your attention on the traffic and how to get your cost per click down and how to get more clicks and how to get more engagement on your ads and what other traffic things you can do. That's going to be where a lot of your work happens. And so I think it's a big shift for people who are in funnel building mode and they're building their products and they're like funnel building is like this pot and then the ads are like this. Once you have funnels that are working, your ads and your content strategy need to take up that space because, yeah, the funnels are just like assets that are things that you continue to leverage. Okay. So, all right. So what you're going to do is you're going to use math, you're going to use the red line, green line rule, and then you're going to work from the top down. So I'm going to pop off of here for a second because I want to show you, let's see, trying to think what would be the best way to do this. Yeah, let me pop into the spreadsheet for a second and show you. Let's start with one and then I'll keep teaching. Can you guys see that? Okay. Does that feel big enough? So this is basically using the four most classic types of funnels, any type of SLO funnel, free plus shipping, not free plus shipping, VSL funnel, like a lot of these work here. This is a webinar funnel, an application funnel, and a link funnel. So the way this spreadsheet works is you are going to fill in the gray boxes. Everything else is going to be done for you and it's going to automatically show if you're above benchmark, you're at benchmark, or you're not at benchmark. Okay, so it's all programmed in. So I'm going to just use offer cure here, $37. So you fill in all of the gray, our coming soon page templates and funnel RX is 97. So then what you're going to do is you're going to go into ClickFunnels and you're going to look for the unique views on the sales asset. In fact, before I'm going to say, I'm going to just actually insert a note, unique views on the sales asset, meaning the sales page. Okay, it's not unique views on the cart, it's unique views on the sales assets. So in fact, let's just go ahead and actually use offer cure as an example, so that you guys can watch exactly how I do this. Now I'm using ClickFunnels at the moment, but I designed this spreadsheet so that you should be able to use any platform. I'm not using any specific, like crazy stats, I'm using stats that every platform should be able to give you. And, you know, even on a WordPress, you should be able to see things with, you know, Google Analytics or what have you. All right, so let's look at the last week here. Okay, so you're going to go here and you're going to look for unique views on the sales asset. So in the last week, we've had 1,278 people. So I'm just going to put here, 1,278. And then you want to know how many sales we had 174 units purchased. Okay, so what's happening is it's going to turn green because obviously, this is like an incredible buy rate. It's very, very high. If there was only even let's say 50 purchases, it would still be in technically in the green. If there were 30 purchases, now it's like, yes, you're hitting benchmark, but you're probably not going to be profitable at this mark, but you are hitting a benchmark. And if you had something like whatever 10 purchases, now, no, it's not good. So we had 174. So like it's a crazy, crazy buy rate. Then what I'm going to do is I'm going to go over here and I'm going to look at the coming soon page. Now you can see this has always been the weakest part of this funnel is the order bump. And the reason is because the order bump that we were going to do, we didn't have time to do. And so we had to put something else in its place. And it would has been working well because we were doing the Black Friday and the coming soon, but now we need to switch it out. So 34 is actually great for the purpose of testing. Okay. So you can see it's not like, I'm not giving it a gold star here. It's Matt. It's, it's, it's in the red. And then funnel RX has 31 purchases. Technically, though, there's, there's more over here because what happens is people buy and then they want to buy like this is an example of a follow up. So I think I'd probably take 31 and add the seven and make it 38, 38 purchases right here. Now it's in the green. Now if I wanted to do the 31 still technically in the green, it's not, it doesn't go into the red, I think until or into the yellow until you're below 10%. Now it's like, you know, seven to 10% your yes kind of benchmark. Okay. So that kind of thing. Um, hold on, I'm just looking laughing at Kathy. So let's go with 38. All right. So, and then we could go and look at how much we spent on ads, you know, let's say we spent whatever $7,000 on ads last week or something. Okay. So you look at this, what is this telling you? You have all of the information you need. It's going to show you exactly how much revenue it's going to show you how much profit. And now the question is, what do we do about this funnel? How do we make this better? How do we make it more profitable? Right? Because we spent 7,000, we've only made four. Number one, first things first, we got to fix the buy rate, because what will that do that will raise the cart value. If we can get the buy rate to even, let's just say, I think once it gets over 30%, it turns green. So 20 to 30%, I put your app benchmark. And once it's over 30%, you're in green. So if we can get it to even just 33%, which should be totally possible on a funnel like this, okay, we can, we can increase our profitability. Okay. But really, what has to happen on this funnel is that we need to be focused on traffic. The funnel works, the order bump needs to be fixed. Okay, so this is how this spreadsheet works. It works exactly the same with a webinar funnel. You just type in what's your offer, you type in your price, you type in your unique views, people who landed on the registration page, people who landed on the watch page, which is where you watch, you look at how many leads you've gotten and how many sales you've gotten and it will go ahead and it will, it will flash yellow, green or red. Okay, so that's how the spreadsheet works. And like I said, everybody should be able to find their unique views on different pages. The number of leads or the number of sales, and you should know the price of your offer and you should know your ad spend. So all of those numbers should be easy enough to plug into the spreadsheet. All right, you guys, I can see people think numbers are sexy. So let me pop back in here and finish presenting and then I want to talk about sort of the strategy behind like what I would do. I have a couple examples here. Hold on. Let me just get myself down to 100% so we're not like, okay. So the idea is you're going to use math, you're going to use the red line, green line rule and then you're going to work from the top down. So another thing that you can use, which is all the way back from module one, is that you can use the irresistibility positioning and trust checklist from module one and you can start at the top of the page and work down. Okay, because that will also give you some great ideas of like what to fix. So I just want to address here kind of the difference in optimization when you're below benchmark versus above. So if you're way below benchmark, right, so our order bump is below benchmark. So what do we need to do? We need to change the offer. We just need to change it. Okay, I mean, we might be able to move it a little bit into yellow, but we want that thing green. So we're just going to change the offer. Okay. If your sales asset is in red, okay, if you're not making 1% of sales, you're just going to want to make a whole big bunch of changes and try again. It's kind of like go back to the drawing board, rework, and I usually say this, first try the packaging around the offer. So change up the copy, change up the problem, change up the headline and try again. If that doesn't work, then you got to change the offer because if you think about this mug, if I have to change the packaging, that's a little bit less work than actually having to alter the mug itself. So that's what you want to do. You want to kind of make, you know, big changes and try again. If you are at benchmark or above, I can't say this more importantly, you want to change one tiny thing at a time and make sure it increases conversions because if you're at or above benchmark, like that means it is working, like people are buying. So then what you want to do is you want to go through all of the lists and change one thing. Now, if you don't have fancy split testing software like ClickFunnels does, all you have to do is write down your numbers for one week, whatever those numbers were, change the thing on the page, look at them for another week, and then compare. Just don't change anything else. If you have fancy split testing software, then you can go ahead and run like an A-B test where 50% of the traffic goes to one and 50% of traffic goes to the other. Okay, but if you don't have it, then that's the way that you would do it. All right. So I wanted to show you just a couple of examples so we can sort of talk strategy about this. So this imagine that this, for example, is an excite level funnel and this is what happens. You get two yellows and a red. Okay. You always want to start at the top of the funnel and work down. And so technically the OTO is at red, right? So you're like, ooh, that's the worst. So I should change that. And you can focus on that. However, these are still yellow. Like they're not super amazing yet. So I might actually fix top down in this case and focus on those yellow things and see if I can get them into green and then move on to the OTO. Why? Because I know that the hardest thing to shift is always the first thing. In an SLO funnel, the hardest thing to move is the first thing. And it doesn't make sense for me to sit here and mess with an OTO because if I can't ever get that into green, I really want to go back to the drawing board and rejig the offer. And so when you have a sales asset like this at yellow, even if things further along are red, you really want to always start at the top now. Now, the, if this were green and this were yellow and this were red, I would say, okay, what's going to be faster to fix? Is it faster to fix the yellow order bump? Because you just have to change some copy around? Or is it going to be faster to fix the OTO? And that's kind of where you would work. You can see in this example that I gave you that you're not profitable yet. But there is potential here at 1.19%. There's potential. We just got to get it up. And there's potential here too. So that would be a perfect example of something that's sort of like, I don't know, I didn't really make enough money, but I need some money. What do I do? This is kind of that scenario playing out here. Here is another example, your webinar funnel. So I wanted to talk about this. So imagine you're selling something like a TDG, it's $997. And you spent 15K on ads. Okay, you've made 19,000. So you are profitable. You've got some profit. And this is what your numbers look like. So your buy rate is in the red. So really, this is where the majority of your resources should go. However, if you look at the big scale, you are still a tad profitable. So if you could just optimize it, because this isn't going to take very long, this is going to take a while because it's a webinar, right? You're going to have to rerecord it, you're going to have to redo the webinar. But this, this is changing some copy, maybe you can make it more curious on the registration page. If you can optimize the registration page and just get it up to 30%, which is an easier optimization than redoing your entire webinar. Do that first. And then you can continue to make money, which is the most important thing, while you figure out how to optimize the presentation itself. So in this perfect example, this is actual real life example that I'm using here. I was like, let's bump this up. You'll still make money. So you can keep running it. And then let's redo the webinar presentation and try a new one because at red, something is not resonating with your audience. Remember, we go back to the macro changes, either the offer or the packaging of the offer. And the packaging of an offer in a webinar is usually the problem, the hook, the unique selling prop, there's something there that's not clicking the people. Okay. All right. So here's an example of an application funnel. So you're often right here in this particular case is really, really good. So you don't have to touch that. But for whatever reason, they're not filling out the application. And so you want to check and make sure there's no tech issue that the application is like submitting okay, all that kind of stuff. But if everything technically works to the application, then your application is either too long. People are trying to fill it out on mobile and they don't have time. Or it's too overwhelming. Okay. So that's where I would go first. Now, another thing you can think of is like, all right, well, so let's say for example, they are on mobile and it's too long to fill out. What if since we've captured their leads, what if we send them an email that says, hey, were you on mobile when you saw the application want to fill it out when you're on a laptop? And we send an email and we did this all of that. That's an example of optimizing the follow up to try to get this number a little bit higher. Okay. And then you can see here, you've only got 43% of people showing up to your phone call, right? That's in the red. It's less than benchmark. What can you do to help them? Is it because the phone call is too far out? It's like five days away and it really needs to be tomorrow. Could you put a jump to the front of the line text above the scheduler that says here's the phone number if you really want to jump to the front of the line. Could you have a messenger bot there for people who want to chat live chat with someone right away? Could you open up more time in your calendar? Could you add text reminders? What are the all the different things that you could do to try to get that number up a little higher? And then it looks like when you actually do finally get people on the phone, you're in good shape. Okay. So obviously with a back end funnel, like a big giant, you know, mastermind program or what have you, you can still be making a ton of money even with your funnel not optimized. But this is an example of like looking at it and saying, okay, well, what can we make better here? Okay. So this is the big question of the hour. What happens if I'm at benchmarks of things are in the yellow, right? So assuming all of your numbers are yellow or higher, but I'm still not profitable. This happens all the time, like all the time. Number one, people are either not profitable or they have like these crazy expectations of what they're going to do when they launch their funnel and then their funnel doesn't do it and then they're like, gosh, my funnel sucks, but they haven't actually like looked at the math. Okay. So what do we do in this in this scenario? A couple things. Number one, the easiest conversions to get higher if you're at benchmark, right? Or even if you're at green, even if you're at green, but you're still not profitable on the funnel itself, the easiest conversions to move are the order bumps or the registrations. The hardest things to move is the sales rate, right? How many people buy the 1.1? Believe it or not, a 1.1% buy rate versus a 2.1% buy rate is a big difference, right? So the sales asset's the hardest to move. So can you quickly and easily, even if it's green, split test an order bump or a registration number to try to get those numbers up? Okay. Number two, lower your cost per click with better ads and, you know, I think somewhere in our future, Kathy and I are going to need to talk about not necessarily the tech of ads, but the creative side of ads because that's something that people really struggle with. Yeah, I'm gorgeous. Learning how to create ads that like get clicked on, right? Like just the more creative side of advertising. Number three, drill down your follow-up assets, right? How can you sort of compensate using better follow-up, whether it's messenger follow-up, email follow-up, retargeting, in-app follow-up, like they're already a customer, but they haven't purchased everything. Number four, work for small incremental changes. So if you're at Benchmark but you're not profitable, you really are going to have to think about, think about what are, like every percentage point matters. And if you can up the buy rate a little, up the order bump rate and lower the cost per click, like you can swing something from not profitable to profitable. And that is, you know, like that's the name of the game. That's where it's really, you know, the art and science kind of merge. The fifth thing that you can do is if you're not profitable and it's an established level funnel, so it's in the middle of the value ladder, you can build an excite level funnel to get your leads in and then pull them in, right? So you can do that. If you are at the excite level and it's not profitable, you have to ask yourself, is it worth just being break even, or even a little bit in the negative if you know that you're pulling them into the next thing and you will make money? Because in that case, like for example with click funnels, like they weren't making money on one funnel away. Like they were losing money on one funnel away, but they were okay with that because they knew that their customer would come back afterwards. So then that's the game you want to play. Again, that's partly why we talked about module two, is because it all needs to make sense in the context of the value ladder. It's not just about one funnel, it's about where that funnel is in your company. Okay? All right, so I see a whole gaggle of questions here. I'm just going to pull them up. And then because a lot of this is just a sort of talking strategy of like what to move first. Okay. So Carrie says, is there a time frame to use this spreadsheet for you mentioned one week? There's no time frame. Obviously, if you're working with very, very small numbers, it's hard. So if you're doing like really small numbers, then I would wait a little bit longer. If you are running traffic and you have a significant amount of numbers, then you can go ahead and do it based on, I don't know, a day, two days, three days, whatever you want to do. I mean, when I was at ClickFunnels, we were split testing every day because there was so much traffic, you could make a decision at 24 hours very easily. Yeah, so I see the same question coming up. Is there a certain time frame that works best for the red line, green line like the last week or the last 30 days? Again, all depends on the volume. What I can do is if we pop over here to the spreadsheet and let me just pull this up. Let me get it bigger. So let's say you were running offer cure, right? And you had 50 views, right? Because you were, you had only gotten 50 people to see it because it was organic traffic, so you would say, okay, I got one person to buy, 50 people landed on the sales page, got one person to buy. So you're like, all right, it's yellow, you're at benchmarks, that's awesome. And you've had no sales yet. Ah, you've had no sales yet on the order bump or funnel or X. You could be like, oh, shoot, they're in the red. But the reality is that you really can't make that decision until you have more purchases, right? So that's sort of, you know, that's kind of the issue there. So you're like, all right, well, maybe when I get up to 400 views on the sales page, now I have five purchases, or no, maybe I have like whatever, I got 10 purchases, and I got two. And I got one person. Now you see, this is this is a very, very classic example of like, all right, so you're at yellow, that's really positive. So that means you probably don't have to go back to the drawing board and redo the entire offer. It does mean you still kind of need to figure out how you can get some more views. In general, the more views you have, the more accurate these numbers are in terms of long term, right? So I would say that once you're at 1000, let's see, let's just do this for a second. Let's say once you're at 1000 views, now you can start to like, be like, all right, I can see now I've had 1000 people look at my offer, my conversion rate looks really good, my order bump clearly means to because before it was at benchmark, but now that you're at 1000, now it's in the red, right? And so that means, okay, clearly means something with the offer, the packaging. And then your OTO, your OTO is at yellow. So the more you have the better. Someone's asking, what is TGG, Stanford, oh, it's just an acronym for one of my courses. I just use it as an example. Samantha is asking, is this an evergreen webinar? Yes. So I made this based on the evergreen, evergreen webinar, for sure. Raymond says, what are the application questions are really there to qualify truly high ticket clients? That's fine. You still should probably be getting, in fact, if we go over to this example here that we were talking about, you probably still should be getting, it still should be green is my point, if you really want an optimized funnel. If it remains in the red, it could mean this, if you have a really good option rate, but a very low application rate, it could mean that you're targeting people who are not qualified, they're like excited about your sales page, and they're like, oh, but then they bounce. And so if you can't get that to move, it could mean that even though you've got a great conversion rate, you're not getting the right people in the door. So that could be what that means as well. Can you split test the order bump and click funnels or would you have to create another funnel? I don't know the answer to that question. I think there might be a, you'd have to ask like somebody who really knows click funnels well, because there might be a pro tool where you can split test it. I'm kind of lazy, I'd probably just, I probably use a pro tool to like, I put two order bumps in the products area, hide one, try one, and then try the other one. That's probably what I would do. I don't know though, but maybe you can on the split test. I just haven't done it in a while. So yeah, I see some people chiming in there. Not the best person to answer that. I'm curious about the coming soon pre-sale strategy, how for an advanced can you do a campaign? So that actually, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna kind of go, that's definitely different than funnel diagnostics. That's something that I'm going to be talking about in Launch Gorgeous, because that's more about launching. But the short answer is you should probably have a building pressure campaign at a minimum of two weeks out from when you sell. But I'm not really going to go there, because that's not what this is about today. Okay, Samantha says, what about warm traffic versus cold? Yeah, so that's a great question. If you do these numbers and you're doing this with warm traffic, so this would be an example of warm traffic. Let's say you get, you know, 300 people and you get 50 purchasers and you get, you know, 15 of those, 15 of those to buy this, then you get 10 of them to buy this. That would be a pretty classic example of what warm traffic, right? Really high conversion rate. In fact, when we were doing offer cure, this would have looked like this. It was like a 3340, it was crazy, crazy buy rate. Just know that if you're doing this to warm traffic first, you're going to want to see, like if your warm traffic is not like solidly green, because you should expect that that traffic, that conversion rate is going to cut at least in half when you get to cold. So we had like a 30% buy rate to our hot audience, and then we have been hanging around a 10 to 13% buy rate to cold. So that's awesome. But it's still, it cut it, it cut it more than in half. So just know that when you're, when you're doing this with hot traffic, you want your numbers to be like really solidly in green in order to sustain the cutting in half that will happen when we go to cold. What would you change for a live webinar on the spreadsheet? Okay, so for, that's a great question. So this should stay the same. You want to see a conversion rate of, you know, a minimum of 20% is where you're at with benchmark. Ooh, that is the wrong color. I gotta check, I'm gonna make sure that I don't know why that's doing that. I have to check the conditional formatting of it. Value, so by the way, if you ever want to change this guys, you just go to little little Excel conditional formatting here. The value is less than 20%. The value is between 20 and 25%. The value, okay, so just, I had to just, something was wrong with that. There we go. I don't know why I did that. Okay, what was the question again? What would you change on the, oh, okay. I would change the watch rate right here. This watch rate, so you can see with the conditional format rules, value is less than 50% is in the red values between 50 and 60. So this was a live webinar. I would probably change it too. If the value is greater than 30, I would put it in green. If the value is between 20 and 30, I'd put it in the yellow and if the value is less than 20, I'd put it in the red because the show up rates for live webinars are much, much lower. However, I would probably take the buy rates and I would also change the buy rates. And I would say that your buy rate on a live webinar should be at minimum. Like, I would just raise all of this. Like, you should have a minimum of a 3% buy rate on a live webinar, minimum, probably 3% to 5%. So I would adjust all of these and make them a little higher if I was going to do it for a live webinar. So yeah, guys, that's how you can change these values. You can come in here and change these values once you have your own version of the spreadsheet. If you have benchmarks, like, for us, like if we were going to have this set up for offer cure and we were going to use our benchmarks, which is now like whatever, 10%, 13%, somewhere around there, I could go change these. And every week, if I wanted to, I could come plot the numbers in here, I could set up a second sheet and I could show over time and then you might be able to, you might be able to look over time and say, gosh, look, our buy rate has been going down slowly, right? Or our order bump rate has been going down slowly, etc. etc. There's a lot of options with this. Okay. Let's see. Okay. Someone is asking, are you moving away from ClickFunnels to something else? No, we're still using ClickFunnels. But I think, I think Kathy and I both recognize that marketing works because of strategy, not just because of tools. And I think it's a disservice to people to suggest that you have to absolutely, without a doubt, use a particular tool. And I think one of the ideas behind this entire funnel RX was like, no funnels work because funnels work because of the strategy. And there are lots of people who have different setups, different, different arrangements. There are people who love ClickFunnels. There are people who don't like ClickFunnels. And we just wanted to be like, you know what, no, we're going to teach marketing, we're going to teach really good marketing, we're going to create really good design. And then we're going to let you guys decide which tools you want to use. We still use ClickFunnels. And yeah, it's great. But I just, I'm just tired of the cookie cutter, like everybody has to fit one particular mold, everyone has to do it a certain way. And I think that strips people of their ability to make decisions. And to be honest, there are a lot of really cool tools that are like nipping at ClickFunnels heels. So, you know, it would be foolish of us to just like be like, oh yeah, all that stuff is crap. And this one's good because to me, if you find somebody who's teaching and can only preach one thing, one thing, one thing, one thing, one thing, one thing, my question is like, does that mean that person is really looking out for your best interest? Or are they just, do they just have an incentive to always preach that one thing? So, that's kind of my answer to that. All right. Let's see. I'm just going to just look in the chat here. Oh, lots of people are talking about traffic. Yes. Well, Launch Gorgeous is going to focus on traffic in regards to the launches. We need to like that's that's the focus. But yes, maybe later in 2020, we will do something with ads because I know it's it's definitely a pain point for people. And yes, I mean, for people who are doing excite level funnels, like the ones with the order bumps and the OTOs and the down cells and all that kind of stuff, ClickFunnels has a great cart asset. But remember, if you go back to module one, and I talked about the cart asset versus the sales asset, like there may be some of you who have like, beautiful sales assets in WordPress, and you don't need ClickFunnels, but maybe you want to use, you know, SamCard or you want to use, I don't know, Teachable's cart or whatever, because you don't have a lot of up cells and down cells, then you can't like there's no reason why you can't and just don't want to complicate it if we don't have to. All right. So I want to show you one other thing that I that I put here. And that is empty this. So for each, each final type, there's just like a little note here that just shows like that just explains what this number is, right. So like for the application funnel, this is like how many people opted in. This is how many people actually filled out your application, the percentage of people. This is the percentage of people who actually showed up for the call. And this is the conversion rate of how many people you close on the phone. So just remember, only things that are gray, you should fill in. Like so for example, on this one, don't fill these in because these will automatically populate, I believe. Wait, I'm gonna double check that one. No, I'm I'm incorrect about that. This should be gray. I'm glad I checked that. I don't know. There we go. That's something you want to know all you want to know all of these numbers. And I think everything else, yeah, there's just like an NA where it's not applicable. If you want to change the formatting on these, just go to like I said, conditional formatting here and you can change these adjustments if you want to change them to make your own benchmarks. Okay, and then this is where you can put in ad spend. If you want to see, you know, your your ad spend, I would encourage you to use this as sort of like a calculator and then you can create another spreadsheet where you're tracking like from week to week how things go. The last thing I added here was just a quick split testing. This is my like Bible first split testing and optimization number one, go through the irresistibility positioning trust checklist that I talked about in module one. This is the three elixirs to profitability, right? And so I made these these checklists kind of at the beginning to say, Hey, this is what you should measure your funnel against go back. Number two, go through the elements checklist and the elements checklist was back in module three, which was last week where it was like I went through each asset and like put all kinds of ideas down. And then this is also just my fast like quick and dirty split testing sort of checklist if something isn't working. And most of this is pretty is pretty obvious and clear, a specific curious arresting headline, a clear and convincing tagline. If you're going to have curiosity in the headline, you want clarity in the tagline. Okay, a promised result, a promised result that they can be like that's what this is going to help me do. An announcement area if you don't have one will go back to last week when I talked about the announcement area sometimes funnels need that like snapshot announcement before the sales letter begins. Strategic social proof that works in the storyline of the copy, destroy chunky paragraphs, agitate more of the problem or a different problem, trademark the solution so it feels like a new thing. Add excitement or anticipation, make it more specific, make it more valuable, make it more clear, make the stacks stand out more, add better visuals, can't tell you how much this makes a difference, clean up your mobile experience, see if you can build an urgency and scarcity, make sure the copy is organized. This one is definitely something that people forget. It's like if you write copy and you're like problem, solution, announcement, features, benefit, problem again. It's like, well, why is the problem like we already talked about like make it flow like organized, remove distracting design at any point if you for one minute can't quite read what you're looking at it feels too small, feels too hard, remove that distracting design, make sure your buttons stand out, make sure your calls to action are clear and convincing, add video even if you need to have like demo videos down the page, reduce the page load speed time and make sure that you are successfully destroying objections. Between that checklist, the elements checklist and the irresistibility positioning check, trust checklist, you should have plenty of ideas for ways that you can optimize and if you find that you really are in macro right here, I would go back to the offer cure and kind of go back to the drawing board and see what you can do differently. But first change the packaging of the offer before you haul off and change the entire offer itself. All right. Smeena said, how much costs, how much does it cost to trademark? You don't actually have to trademark it. So you don't actually have to trademark it. It's the idea of it. It sounds like something you could trademark. You don't have to trademark it. So it's a it's a word or a phrase or a sentence or a title that like implies that it's something that you invented. That's kind of what I mean by that. All right. Guys, I have loved, loved, loved teaching you. I am very excited to like see all of these things get put to use. I know for Launch Gorgeous, we're going to be using them. I have some some new things that I'm going to be preparing for Launch Gorgeous that are just like this. I would love for you guys the best way to thank Kathy and I is to go into the marketer's heart and post your thoughts, feedback about this particular course because obviously we're going to take those and we want to put them on our sales page to drive up the conversion rate even more of FunnelRx because I just I honestly believe that for $97 this is a course that should be in everybody's repertoire in terms of funnel strategy and you guys you just have been amazing. I've had a solid 60 people, 50, 60 people on every call and it's just been amazing and if you are new and this was the only one you caught live, be sure to go back because they kind of all build on each other and if you have any questions when you're going through, please feel free to just post in marketer's heart because at any point any updates or things that I need to clarify, I'm always happy to do that as well. So all right, thank you guys so much. This has been awesome and I will get the spreadsheet and everything uploaded here shortly. Okay. All right. Awesome guys. Talk soon. Bye.