 I wanted to kind of go over the $1,000 Facebook test, what I recommend to people and sort of just the overview of it. So the people that I want to use this test are primarily people with front-end low ticket offers, right? So a straight to a sale through a conversion add a $27, $37 offer. The $1,000 strategy also does work on webinar funnels. However, really big disclaimer here, you may actually need more than $1,000. So if you're selling a $297 offer off the webinar or even a $497, maybe even a $997, you can start with $1,000. However, if you think about this for a second, I'm asking people to spend $1,000 in three days running to a $27 offer. So think about the disparity between $27 and $1,000. So if you have a $1,000 offer and you're spending $1,000, there's no disparity there. So I wouldn't be surprised if it requires more than $1,000. The exception to that rule is if you do have a pretty aggressive payment plan, so let's say you have a $997, but then you have like a $9 or $12 pay or something, easy pay plan, you may be able to just get away with a $1,000 test. But just keep that in mind, $1,000 may not be enough. So the $1,000 test does not work for straight lead gen don't you don't need $1,000 to test a lead gen. Also, don't use the $1,000 offer or $1,000 test with local type lead gen ads, smaller geographic audiences. And it goes without saying do not just run a $1,000 straight to some expensive sales page without a webinar or presentation or a BSL in front of it, because you just need more time to convince people to buy. Okay, so this is the prep. These are the things that you need before you run your test. First, a funnel that's ready for traffic. And we talk about this all the time about what your sales page needs to look like, what things need to be on the sales page in order for it to really be ready for traffic. So it's like the sales page checklist at a very minimum for an SLO funnel. If you're running a webinar funnel, the assumption is that you've done the webinar at least once in a live environment and have market validation on the offer. So that's, you know, that's what I mean by funnel that's ready for traffic. I would say for the test, I would start with three to five creatives, both, you know, designing the same type for Facebook and Instagram. So far, I don't know if you guys have ever used Design Pickle. Design Pickle works really well. It's a quick turnaround. It's $400 a month. And it's great for like simple graphic design if you need to turn out a lot of creative and copy, I mean, creative for ads. I would do one to two different copy versions. I don't test copy as much as I test creative, but I think copy is really important once you're optimizing. But for this test, one to two, okay, then so that's what you need for like the main ads. But then you, I also think you should develop one retargeting ad copy or creative combination. It's optional depending on the funnel, but in most cases with an SLO or a webinar funnel, you can do a simple retargeting strategy. So that's kind of what you need to have prepared. Then audiences. Now, I want to say something about the difference between lookalikes and Facebook interests. Typically, Facebook interests are harder audiences, because they're colder and you're just sort of, you're kind of guessing based on what you think your avatar likes. If you are, you know, have no list and no market validation, anything like that, you're not going to have a choice. You're going to have to come up with three or four different Facebook interest audience, you know, classic examples, you know, running ads, if you people who like Tony Robbins or people who like Marine Forleo or people who like whatever. The best audiences to test, I think, are the lookalikes. If you have a subscriber list to do a lookalike of your subscribers, and if you have a customer list, even if it's not, they haven't purchased the program that you're going to try to sell in this funnel. If it's even remotely similar, I would create a lookalike. I can't remember how big these lists have to be in order to create a lookalike. I thought it was a couple hundred, but obviously the more you have, the better. So you're going to want to set up a couple audiences here, and then you'll need custom audiences for exclusion retargeting. This is not hard. It's basically you for the webinar, funnel, if you're going to do this for the webinar, make an audience of people who opted in, but didn't purchase. So you just go into the custom audience and you do, hey, if they landed on this page, which is like usually the countdown page or the watch page, put in that URL, but they didn't land on the order confirmation page and then label that opted in, but haven't purchased. For an SLO, it's a little different. It depends on what kind of SLO you're running. If you're running one where you're going straight to a two step order form, you actually have to create, it's a little trickier because you have to put the pixel in the button because usually people fill out step one and then they don't fill out step two. So that would be like a firing a pixel inside the button and then you would create the audience based on that. If however you have an SLO where it's you're running as to a sales page and then they click on the button and it takes them to the order form, you can just make an audience of people who've landed on the order form, but didn't land on the order confirmation form and that would be your retarget audience. You just kind of one, it's going to be a super small, it's going to be zero people when you start this whole thing. So go ahead and set that up. And then the total budget per day will be $330 running for a minimum of 72 hours, but 96 is better. So here's how I would set up the campaign. The first thing I would do is create a conversion campaign for my Facebook ads with using a campaign budget optimization for $150 a day. I would come up with my three to five audiences. Again, this is dependent on how many audiences you can come up with. I would say a minimum of three, maximum of five to seven maybe. So you got to make sure the audiences are similar in size if you're using campaign budget optimization, otherwise CBO won't allocate properly. If you don't have audiences that are the same size, you can forego CBO and you can just divide 150 by however many audiences you have and set the budget at the ad sub level if you want to do that. So the placement will be on Facebook. I don't do audience network, just Facebook and conversion event purchase. That's the conversion event that I'm optimizing for. And then just create three ads and have all of the audiences run, right? Because we want to stack that social proof. We don't want to have like 25 different ads, post IDs out there. We just want three. You can also use dynamic creative. I've never used it, but in the interview that I did with Matt, he said that the dynamic creative, basically you just upload your copy, upload your images, and then Facebook rearranges them to see which ones perform. So you set up that and then you go and you set up $150 a day for Instagram. Again, same thing, all the same audiences that you chose on Facebook. But this time your placement is going to be Instagram, not Facebook, again, not audience network. What I would say here is you can do story versus post and I'm pretty sure in the ad, when you're down here at the ad, if it says, you know, do you want to create a different image for the story, right? Because you could do just like a square image and it'll be an Instagram post and then it'll crop in the stories. But I think it allows you to do an alternate version of the image for story. So that's what I would do here. Then I would set up a $15 a day Facebook retargeting campaign. So basically, this is going to be that one audience that you created. The placement is going to be actually, hold on, Facebook and audience network. And it's going to be traffic, not conversion. If you want to do two different versions to test, you can. But this is literally just going to run to the people over here who either landed on your order form but didn't purchase or opted in but didn't purchase. Okay, so that's what I would do here. And then I would do the same thing $15 a day for an Instagram campaign. Again, I would optimize for traffic, placement on Instagram. And I would maybe do one or two. So what will happen if you see is you're spending 330. So you're really only spending 30 bucks a day on retargeting. And that actually may even be too much at the beginning. You might only need this to be five or $10 a day. And then you can allocate this budget a little bit higher. So what do you do? So you turn it all on 24 hours in, check the add variations. Okay, so check this stuff right here. If you see any obvious losers that are not getting any like any traction, but there's one that's really winning, just turn off the obvious losers. I would say about 48 hours in, you can go ahead and now check the audiences and turn off the audiences that are not performing. If they're all performing, leave them on. And I just want to say the loser audiences may not actually be losers. They just may not have performed as well as the winning audience. And so it doesn't mean that you should throw away the audience. I would actually isolate it into its own campaign. It may still perform just not when matched against the winning one. Okay. 72 hours, resist the urge to pause things, let it run for the full thousand dollars. If you have enough guts to run it for another 24 hours, do so. I will say when you begin measuring the following, if you are break even or profitable, do not turn them off. Leave them on. If you are in the negative, pause them. Okay. And we expect you to be in the negative. In fact, I expect you to be in the negative, especially with this, with this one, I expect you like after a thousand dollars, you should have some sales, something. Maybe you haven't made your money back. Maybe you made half, but you should have something. It is very possible that after a thousand dollar test, you will have no sales yet because a thousand dollars for a webinar funnel is not really that much money because webinar funnels are hard, right? They're hard and they're expensive. So this is the things you want to measure. First, measure the click-through rate. You want to see this definitely over 1%. If you don't, then you're creative sucked or your audience really didn't like it. I also want you to just measure it to measure it against yourself, right? To create that sort of benchmark, but it should 1000% be over 1%. Now, CPC all, this is impossible to get a benchmark because I was looking at my cost per click and like on my webinar funnel, it was like two, three, four dollars on the funnel gorgeous like lead magnet funnel. It's like 60 cents. It's all over the map. Obviously, lower is better. And here's why because when you start to run the numbers, you are really going to look at how many people can I get on the offer, right? How many people can actually see the offer, especially for an SLO. All they have to do is click on the ad and then they see the offer, right? So cost per click is kind of an important metric. Obviously, the lower you can get your cost per click, the better. So that's what you're going to look at. And then depending on the funnel, you're going to look at your unique views, how many eyeballs got on either the registration page for your webinar or the sales page for your SLO. And then you want to look for these benchmarks. So for the SLO, you want to say unit sold divided by the number of sales and you want to see between one and 5%. You want to also see your order bump around 20% and your OTOs anywhere between three and 10%. So if you do this, you do the $1,000 test, right? Let's say you spend $1,000 and you make 400. Okay. So you made some money. If your buy rate is between one and 5%, that's a good sign. You may need to optimize it, but maybe your order bump is low. And so you, you know, you couldn't regain any of that money back extra money back, or maybe your cost per click was high because your creative really wasn't that creative. Okay. But it's a good sign, right? Even though you've lost money. If you've broken even, that's excellent. That means that something is definitely working. Usually when you break even your cost per click and your click through rate, your cost per click are a little bit lower. Your click through rate is a little higher. That means you did a good job with the ads and the audiences. And then your sales page is probably converting above 1%. It's probably converting it to 3, 4, 5, somewhere up in there. Okay. So if you are profitable in the first round, do not turn your ads off for the love of God, do not turn your ads off. Okay. So for the webinar funnel, you are going to actually be looking for opt-ins. You want to see 20% or higher of people opting in. And you really want to look at how your, your click through rate and your cost per click, because if it's a 20% opt-in rate, just do the math. If it's costing you a dollar to get a click, right? It's going to cost you $100 to get people to see, which means it's going to get 20 people in. But if your cost per click was only 50 cents, you're going to get 200 people on the webinar registration. You're going to get 40. You're going to double the amount of opt-ins for the price. Okay. So, and then you want to see your watch rate at 50% or higher and your buy rate at 1% to 5%. This is why $1,000 might not be enough. And the reason is because if you get, let's say with $1,000, you get 100 people to opt in, but you only get 50 people to buy, I mean, 50 people to watch and a 1% to 5% buy rate, you may not even have a sale yet, but still be within that 1% to 5% range. Okay. So this is basically how you run the strategy. This spreadsheet is really, really helpful because, you know, you can guess, right? You can guess what your conversion statistics might be on this. And, but you can also quickly analyze what was your cost per click, how many people either landed. This is for the SLO, landed on the sales page. And you can do cost per click also and then figure it out for registration. So I would use this in tandem with your stats in click funnels when making, when making assessments about what to do. And as far as like once it's done, if you, if you're in the negative, turn it off and go optimize and then try it again, turn it back on and see how it performs. I would just turn it back on. And if you have ads or audiences that really didn't perform well, then I would go back to the drawing board with the creatives and set up, you know, create new versions here. If the audiences were working well, just create new versions and stick them in here. And the audiences weren't performing well, create new audiences here. You could also just create new campaigns if you want. Although in interview with Matt, he was saying that he, as long as the goal of the campaign doesn't change, he just works right within the campaign itself. So this is, that's more of a personal preference. Okay, thanks guys.